
Ten little Crip niggaz runnin outside
All from the turf and they bangin out lives
Far from a scrub cuzz from the Eastside
Where they don't die they just multiply
So.. don't give them niggaz a reason
To turn it into spray season
Don't give them niggaz a reason
Because they'll turn it into Crip season
The gangsta's back, the bank is fat
The gangsta mack, in a gangsta 'llac
Hmm.. fools be like, "Break off some cheese"
Friends and enemies, aww nigga please
Fuck, you thought who pumped you up
Stop, you stuck too much, pop, drop, you plucked
It's all similar to gettin laaaid
on ya back when the motherfuckin K spraaays
I grind for my shine about my bidness
Lunatic on the shit and I get ignit (ignit)
Gonna proceed to squeeze with ease
One of these, they can't believe how I leave 'em
Look into a mind of a nigga that's crazy
Seventeen years old and still a baby
Gangstas real, they pop the pill
You cap back, young motherfucker it's like that
Wake up in the morning lookin funny and shit
Fuck a honey dip.. 'cause I got money to get
Ain't no books, ain't no help, ain't no role to this
Stay focused young homey, that's the code to this
Keep a strap in ya pocket when ya tip through the towns
There's a million motherfuckers tryna get you down
A lot of pain in this game, cocaine is the thang
If ya money right then you might get you a chain
But if ya money is low, there's only one way to go
Jack a rapper at a local rap radio show
So mean, so green, crip back to the block
Then brag to the homies, show 'em what you got
It's a gangsta jack (gangsta jack), in gangsta black (black)
And they thought we just gangsta rapped
Yeah nigga, we take your snaps
Your shooby dooby, hooroobies, and your Scooby snacks (It's like that?)
It's like that!
It's a whole lot of fillin when you on the Eastside
On the Eastside, nigga we ride
And it's a whole lot of dealin when you on the Eastside
On the Eastside, nigga we ride
And it's a whole lot of stealin when you on the Eastside
On the Eastside, nigga we ride
And it's a whole lot of killin when you on the Eastside
Eastside, yeah nigga we ride
They say it's crazy out here, it ain't no more fun
I can't walk down the street without my gun, gun
Yeah!
Yhey ain't ready for this one nephew (NAH!)
Lil jon (HEY!) Snoop Dogg (UH-HUH!)
Turn this shit up nigga! (LET'S GO!)
1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
We get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
We get on you hoes, everybody here turnt
Well nigga I'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
Yeah nigga I'm burnt, lil' mama what it do?
Shorty you burnt, lil' mama what it do?
If a nigga make a move, lil' mama comin to
1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
Snoop D-O-dub', pocket full of dubs
All my niggaz dubs, rollin on candy
Feelin like meh, square bitches can't stand me
Hey! My niggaz turnt up, I'm a beast bitch
West coast, I'm on the East bitch
When I'm in the place, the hoes lose it
They say they love me, and the music
The spot jerkin, they be gettin low
She wanna roll, that's what I'm here fo'
I threw a grand up, and watch it come down
That ain't for you bitch, I like to hear the sound
Now put your hands up, I wanna see you work
She blew a kiss, I blew the purp'
I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too
My niggaz all on, and I'ma get you
1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
Snoop D-O-dub', I'm higher than a mug
Cameras goin off all the chickens want hugs
And when I'm on the bill I fa'sho' fill the club
E'rybody know me, nigga I'm a star
Long Beach Laker, see the faces in the car?
Pimpin what it do, she poppin like a pill
1800 then my hand made it spill
Your party on E, if Snoopy don't come
You smoke about a zone, I smoke about a drum
Burnt in the club, my hands on her thigh
A Eastside nigga put his hood in the sky
She like what I say, I like what she do
Turn that ass around and drop it like a fool
I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too
The homies all on, but I'ma get you
1800, I'm blunted, fa cert'
Snoop D-O-dub', turn that shit up
I don't buy bub, tequila got me goin
Burnt in the club, and e'rybody known
Nigga I'm a boss, I do what I do
Millionaire status, nigga who is you?
My locs on bright, baby look at me
She like how I talk, I get it from the P
Lil Jon did it, the party goin dumb
Put it in the air, listen to the drum
Snoop Dogg said it, we gettin turnt up
Swishers all around, gettin burnt up
Look at how I do, I grab her by the waist
Whisper in her ear, then I touch her on the face
I'm geeked up girl, I'm on my tip too
E'rybody on, but I'ma get you (LET'S GO!)
OA-KAYYY!
Hear me knockin, I’ll be knockin on your door
Hear me knockin, I’ll be knockin on your door
I just got one question to ask, do you love me? (do you love me?)
I just got one question to ask, do you love me? love me
You said you do but I’m not sure if you love me, love me
I just got to know right now do you really love me? do you really love me?
I just got one question to ask, do you love me? (do you love me?)
Insecurity, be askin heavy questions, heavy questions
Don’t know why I feel this deep expression, expression
It’s so heavy heavy on my face and my mind
I keep letting it spoil my grind
Just got to go, it’s that time
I just got one question to ask, do you love me? (do you love me?)
L-O-V-E
Do-you-love-me?
L-O-V-E
Do-you-love-me?
I just wanna know, do you really really care?
Just wanna know will you always be there?
Will you always be there?
Or is this a con to get what you want
Cus you really don’t care
I just need you near me
Hear me, feel me homie, love me only
And if you can do that for me
Hold me back like you owe me
Click clock, hip-hop
Ready or not?
Ready or not not not not not not here
Ready or not not not, that means ready or not
Ready or not not not not not not here
Ready or not not not, that means ready or not
Not not not not not not here
Not not not, that means ready or not
Not not not not not not here
Not not not, I’ll make love to you girl
I just got one question to ask, do you love me? (do you love me?)
All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all...
It's structures to this game, it's instinct mixed with knowledge
I'm a player in the game and I know not from college
Eyes open, focus, scopin out the scene
Watch the gangsta haters close cos they worse than dope fiends
I hope things get better for you
cos I'ma make things get better for me
and keep the Doggystyle hottest thing out the LB
The L-L-G wit DPG by the sea
We ride at high tide, the East is my side
I'ma tell you 'long as my voice is recordable
That plan you got ain't gonna work you better audible
Oh yes I'm fresh and like spy from existence
Wit persistence I perceive
to supply you wit what you need, no room for greed
Better go around and when it come to you
don't bite off more than you can chew
Respect the game and the game will respect you back
Game is life, life is struggle
without the coastal juggle
So if you drop I test that, fragile as a crsytal
(Will you get mad and go pull out your pistol?)
or will you be a man and pick up all the pieces
and put it back together and remain tougher than leather
As for me I'm tryin to keep it real Dogg
All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all
Just keep it real Dogg
All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all
Teatlet?, hold em, shake em, roll
Fly G boys and all you hoodrat girls
Pound puts it down all around the world
But let's pick up the litter, LB young nigga
I need solar on my Dogg nall, I bark when it get dark
Bitches in heat we tear the beat up, what?
On the microphone I bury the bone
Always, strays try to follow me home
Uhh, to get the pooper scooper, why? They droppin doo-doo
I'm steppin on shit, lift up the bottom of my shoe
See I'm smashin full-breaded wit no leash
When I mob, make marks across the street
See I'm vicious like hell, got em waggin they tail
for the bow-wow LBC style
Hit you like the Dogg bopper fever, I fetch paper
On the receiver, go get it like a retriever
I want em close enough so I can lock on em
wit the mizzic, see I let the Doggz loose on em
Check this out here man, I lick em, sick em
Man's bestfriend, I hit you for ten, uhh
Fleas can't seize my pack, what what's my name?
Major trick we're hittin licks like a doberman gang
Y'done trip and try to fuck me up ever since a young puppy
Run a cat up a tree, nigga it's DPG
All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all
Just keep it real Dogg
They say once upon a time in the land of the loccs
where it's all about dope and pistol smoke
I packs me a heavy calibre .38 revolver
We'd out, Dp'd out, GC'd out
Oh, did you not know
Snoop wit the .44 knockin at'cha door
We the passion for smashin and mashin the masses
Knockin niggas llike cash is, Dogg Pound Gangsta assassin
It's like in a action
cos for the cash in my own zone we known for blastin
Bustin, no need for discussion
We don't discuss, we stay close as 10 inches then bust
close enough to touch then rush
Clean and radical and get clutch
The Dogg is the Don like killer Corleone
for the D-O-double G (with the solid gold rhyme)
Just keep it real Dogg
All I wanna do is make the whole crowd bounce y'all
Damn a nigga only got 20 dollars shit
Check this out
Nigga 20 dollars to my name
Deep in this dice game
I dust off my knees
I fucked off two g's
Nothing left to do, but buy some shells for my glock
Why? so I can rob every known dope spot
I'm having hard times, grit, and grind
Shit I'm  tyring to get mine
Ain't nothing to lose plus I'm living on the frontline
It's a cold twist the way that shit goes
Gotta keep your hands on some motherfuckin' fetty yo
And keep a down bitch for when your money run out
And get you gun out
And shoot'em up till they come out
I'm blowing in the wind
It feels good my friend
Silkk brought the Gin & Juice and my nigga chipped in
I'm amongst killers with a dub in my pocket loc
A drug dealer at the same time i love to smoke
But if I wasn't in this rap game
Would a nigga Snoop Dogg have 20 dollars to his name
Now 20 dollars to my name in this game of drugs
And the only thing we now is gan bangers and thugs
If my yale don't sell how shall we proceed
Because we can't slang the urb, cause we smoke too much weed  repeat
I got 19 dollars and 50 cents up in my pocket with what?
With this automatic rocket
Gotta have it to pop it,unlock it, and take me up a hostage
Let'em now this itch of my finger is worser than jock itch
Extended glock clips allow me to cop chips
Erasing cops tips and sisters that pop lip, stop this
Cold blooded killing for ??? this
Soda couldn't rock this
chop a shelf when i drop this
My ??? can't chop this
The hunger that I hold
Setting here wondering should I take it from his soul
See this here with a hole
Allowed that silencer to blow
And took motherfuckin' lives for less than twenty before
Now with this last 20 dollars I might buy me some douja
Because that weed from Magnolia still have a nigga sober
I seen my nigga nigga from way way back
Me and him used to jack and rock a rental cadillac
He sees my nick, he sees my grill, he says I'm flossin
He sees my wrist, he says damn nigga you flossin
And I'm bossin, and tossin'em up at the same time
So if you thinking about with me it'll be your death in ???
And why put your life in danger over 20 dollars, that's all I got
And my weed habit is so close to smoking powder it ain't worth being
shot
Now look, I'm fresh up out of jail it feels goo to be on the outside
I had 120 dollars, but i spent a 100 on my ride
Now the only thing I got left is 20 dollars to my name
Nigga want front me some motherfuckin' caine
I told him weed charge it 2 the game
Nigga now now I gotta be on some murder one shit
Some slum shit
Some out the projects dumb shit
some weed and blunt shit
Some I don't give a fuck shit, where it from shit
Some penitentiary solitary confinement never see no motherfuckin' sun
shit
Now I got 20 dollars to my motherfuckin' name, and I gotta get more
So I tell nigga hit the floor I'm about to pull a motherfuckin' kick
door
Now whether it's rapping, or jacking, kidnapping, or gun totting
Y'all call me down??? do get scared I ain't flipped till my guns smoking
It be a hustle just to eat
And it be hard on these streets
Gotta get my hustle on
Got 20 dollars y'all now that shit don't last long  picture this
Hey yo Goldie Loc let me hear some dog (puff)
We gotta go some for the hood that's on the real
Yeah, this is a public service anouncement from the mathafuckin LBC
Yeah, check this out cuzz, uhm,
Hey yo Goldie Loc
let's do this for the homies in the hood
The dub, waddup
No disrespect to them other hoods
But this is where I'm from
3-2-1 I can't cum
No other way
No way, no how
You know the bowwow do it Long Beach style
To the fullest young nigga row
With my steal I cap home feeling like a O
No he didn't, yes he did
Bank your chin in her crib
This ain't no fed
But now he did
On the other side where the cowboys at
Where the brown blast black
And the black blast right back
That's a fact in the city where I'm from
You betta get ready
Caus here they kitty come cum
Nigga we can dumb on your bitchass
I ain't trippin caus I'm from the oldschool
And I never hesita to blast
See, we be innin
You gotta beginnin to win
Holla back nigga in 20 minutes
Gimme your mic and watch me brake these niggas
How they figga
Bustas get shot tryin to plot
Blew the dice hit them twice hit a seven
Now Snoop watch me trip when I back your eleven
Mix for licks to double my chips
Some bangers so much I got cheers even go to there
Now back up and watch me stack up my dirt
I steal like G'z when you woke up and it hurt
Watch me try matches no need for no practice
Fuck around and get straight stoned with the package
Dogg get the weed bangin
How the homies feel
If me and you left here for hangin
I feel like givin it up
Caus I'm a young nigga livin it up
Me and Snoop ain't give a fuck
20 minutes to get your C-walk on
You know I get my ride on all on his own
Check this out dog, you don't know me shit
You know I respresent the eastside Long Beach with the crip nigga
Two's, O's, fo's and hoes
Nigga only fuckin with the real 2-0's
20 minutes, 20 minutes
Holla at me, 20 minutes
Deuce, fo's, hoes and clothes
Nigga only fuckin with the real 2-0's
20 minutes, 20 minutes
Holla at me, 20 minutes
We ride
Sliding of to the eastside
Hoo-ride, to homicide
Rollin in the G-ride
So what yall bustas gon'do
When the pimps, bangers and hustlaz smash on you
One for the money
And too for the sjizzo
I'm lil Goldie Loc that gives a fuck about a hizzo
Three to the fizzo
And five to the sizacks
My nigga snoop dogg gives a fuck about a bi-zitch
Yeah you hearded from me, mmm,
Authograve that ass
Nigga, L-A-L-G
Little Goldie Loc
Goldie locks the same thang
Smashing for the hood caus I wanted to gangbang
Will I change
Hell nah nigga
Quick to jack that ass to make my bank roll bigga
Trip
I shot em down
I shot em , shot em down
And if the too damn big
Then I cut em , cut em down
Nigga where the pound
Hell yeah I'm from the pound
Nigga how that sound
Dogg pound bounce
I got homies from the dub that bang everyday
I got homies from the hood that do the same all day
I keep my feet real close to the street
And keep my hands real close to the heat
I'm not descreet when it comes to the dogg
I'm a real O like eight-ball
We C now us by the gangbangin
Crackslangin, entertain us
Sippin silver set not to contain us
Askin which one of yall niggas wanna scrap
We can do it G-style
Mathafucker strap
Just like I tought nigga
You got caught
Ol'bitchass nigga droppin all that soul
You see, first thangs first when your a grown man
You gotta get up, get out and get your own man
See, I don't owe you and you don't owe me
It's 1999 I'm the OG
Respect your G'z is what my homies told me
So I show real love to the dubs
20 minutes, 20 minutes cuzz
yeah, nigga 20 minutes cuzz
And like I said
Deuce, fo's, hoes and shows
Nigga only fuckin with the real 2-0's
Yeah 20 minutes
Holla at me nigga like I said
Two's, fo's, hoes and shows
Nigga only fuckin with the real 2-0's
20 minutes, 20 minutes
Holla at me cuzz
20 minutes
Roll, roll, roll your dubs
Eastside I-T-C
Roll your doggin doggy dogg
Nigga this D-P-G
Sometimes I feel lost like a runaway, read over the dire
Reap while I stay gettin Richard like Pryor
Need to put the gun away cause I got priors
It's hard to stay rollin when the world full of riders
Bullet tip on fire, flyin down sunset
Motivated to win, like I ain't won yet
Think shit over? Hell naw I ain't done yet
I L-B-see y'all prayin that a G fall
Tonight it's goin down like free fall
Chevy bouncin up and down like a fuckin see-saw
Trippin off hate, no Hee-Haw
All blacks locs on the loc actin like I don't see y'all
Doing that shit to demean Dogg
But when I bring it to you, you be like "What you mean Dogg?"
Then we go back and forth, like it's ping-pong
Knowin I should just ring ya bell, ding dong!
But that's one thing about this shit partner
Every move is so watched by these rich boxers
So why should I lose all my rich sponsors?
I'm gone then you suddenly hip-hoppin?
Sheeit, sip the gin then I'm in the wind
Pop a beam like a M&M
So strong yet a nigga thin
Rappers stay sayin Slim so Shady but ain't talkin Eminem
So fuck you, him, and him
I was gangbangin befo' a nigga entered in
No facade, I went from the yard
to a three-car garage to, instant menage it's
vintage, relentless, I mean this, I promise
No Suge, No Dre, I'da did this regardless
And thats what I'm supposed to think
Flinch at me like I'm supposed to blink
Motherfucker this Crip still, hard to swallow like a big pill
Pushin 40's still a big deal
Ponytail still swangin, hair still braided
Laker to a Clipper I won't be faded
Nigga! So buzz on that shit
Backflip back to plaque shit
Blue red white to black shit, but for the green
I send a whole motherfuckin team to clap shit
React to mack shit, problem, terrorist
Fuck this rap shit!
Shots fired
Suspect down
Request EMT immediately
Fuck (fuck fuck...)
You know a nigga really don't wanna go to school today
Lemme call this bitch
Get my shit together
When I pull up people so fresh in my ride
We smoke the best you can buy
Them niggas talking it but they just don't go harder than us
Keep stunting just cause I can
These hoes know just who I am
Them niggas talking it but they just don't go harder than us
This one's for the g's all black Chuck's on the cuffs of my jeans
King size papes full of trees, I be with the boss dog(g) ya'll fuck niggas please
Now they say I'm hot, hundred somethin' degrees
Taking pictures with a young nigga cheese
Remember days homey, I ain't had a thing
Now I'm hoping off the plane putting roaches on the wing
And my hoes like queens, but we smoke like kings
Jewelry froze, like fling
Money come fast, yours slow like lean
Rolling up grass, so weed to have the stash, so I know I'm gonna fast
Third period, showing up last
With a late note blowin' green smoke
We blow to the middle of the day
Wiz say dawg put the middle of the jay
Hey, why not? Not why?
We fly, we ride, she high, he high, we high
Fuck it, everybody to the library
Got a new batch, some blue - booberry
Stuck in the hallway, with a pass say dawg he just smoke all day
It's a mind game like the ream I seem to keep migraines
I'm so lifted, like a parachuter
My grass day off day off Ferris Bueller
Slip away, dip away, almost had to throw a zip away
But fuck that, this Taylor Gang, what you want dog
Shit I'm on everythang
You niggas never had and you never will
You niggas never had and you never will
I said you niggas never had and you never will
Big Snoop and Wiz smoke with the kill (kill kill)
You niggers still in high-school, elementary ass niggas
Holla at me when you graduate
We be posted right by the 400 building
Room 420
Follow your nose, your no-nose (ha-ha)
Niggas ain't hard like us
Niggas soft as doctors cock swab
You bitchin'
Smoke somethin'
Good evening ladies and gentlemen
"Let's describe a certain female"
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
It all goes back, to '85
When I start gettin pussy every day of my life
It really didn't matter what the bitch look like
I remember one night, after the Sugar Ray fight
Wouldn't you believe it, Dogg like a retriever
I went up in this big fat bitch named Treva
She had a best friend with titties named Vanessa
She told me to undress her, yessir
Ain't no pressure, later that semester
She put me down with her homegirl name Tanisha
She was so vicious, lips so luscious
Suck a nigga dick and have it shinin like some dishes
Patricia, Patricia, she love the way I stick her
I take her to the movies and now, she eat the dick up
Big bucks, no whammies
I had to meet this white bitch, her name was Tammy
She lived in the Valley, she couldn't understand me
But she let me dig out, her homegirl named Brandi
Now Brandi was a cute little thick bitch
She moved to the hood from the 2-oh-6
She brought some new tricks, flippin them squirrels
And the pearls, and turnin out the neighborhood little girls
Hmm, and I seen that, so I peep the game
So I put her down, bottom bitch on my team
And we began makin, breakin bitches takin
whatever we want, see she want with the fakin
It's real in the field, no mistakin
And crack the little bitch, yeah she Jamaican
Time and time again she would bring me bud
And let me beat it up, listenin to "One Love"
Off some jerk chicken, I got mo' bitches
Now I'm fuckin her sister it's gettin real suspicious
But the dick is good, so they won't tell
And now they next door neighbor, Clarissa Bell
She been lookin at me, I think she wanna hit
But I'ma holla back, cause I'm on another bitch
I'm on some other shit, I got a phone call
From the motherfuckin president y'all
He said, "Snoop Dogg, how could I fuck a bitch
and make her suck a dick and not get caught for the fuck of it?"
I called and look here, this what you do
Make the First Lady sell a little pussy for you
I think he got it, cause he left fast
He left his daughters, and a lot of cash
Well what do ya know, D-O-double-G
Major pimpin, out in D.C.
And I'm a young pimp, got a lot of growin left
And you's a young hoe with a lot of hoein left
Always keep a hoe in check, blowin us a train wreck
Yeah I might have to go in depth
See every little hoe I met
They're standouts, you know the ones like Yvette
We fucked in the car, behind a bar
I shot it in her face and it went "Ahhh"
My homeboy Charles
Went up in his sister, behind the garage
I was menace, I was freaky, I was sick
When y'all was tryin to hump, I was teachin them to suck dick
Always tryin to go up in a hoe
Got caught tryin to fuck in school they asked me what I did it fo'
You know just what I told her?
I love pussy, and this dick is what I showed her
And now they threw me out, now I'm at the pad
I'm at a new school, way cool
New hoes, new script, fresh fish
Walk up in the room and I bust a new bitch
I'm in some new tail, wanna holla back
But for now let me holla back Impala black
She's a 12th grader, in my science class
And I done seen the pussy, yeah boy I'm movin fast
See I was taught by, and I was taught I
better move on somethin fast if I thought I
could claim a dame, or game her brain
Or tame a man, not with the same old game
See on some different stuff, I'm a different cut
It's what I say and do to make the bitch give it up
Oh you wanna brag? I wanna brag too
Now what you gon' do, when they ask you
Is you gon' tell a lie, or you gon' keep it G
Or you gon' hold it all inside or you gon' tell on me?
Shit it's all cool, cause it was all good
It's just another day in Doggy Dogg's neighborhood
You better watch your girl, cause if she on the loose
It's a 90 percent chance she gon' get pimp juice
Now what it do, what it is
Now you livin with that hoe and y'all got fo' kids
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
You're back now at the jack-off hour this is DJ, Eazy Dick
On W-Balls, right now, somethin new, by Snoop Doggy Dogg
And this one goes out to the ladies, from all the guys
A big bow wow wow, cuz we gonna make it a little mystery
here tonight, this is DJ Eazy Dick, on the station that
slaps you across your fat ass, with a fat dick
When I met you last night baby
Before you opened up your gap
I had respect for ya lady
But now I take it all back
Cause you gave me all your pussy
And ya even licked my balls
Leave your number on the cabinet
And I promise baby, I'll give ya a call
Next time I'm feelin kinda horny
You can come on over, and I'll break you off
And if you can't fuck, that day, baby
Just lay back, and open your mouth
Cause I have never
met a girl
That I love
in the whole wide world
Well, if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch I'd always be broke
I'd never have no motherfuckin indo to smoke
I gets loced and looney, bitch you can't Do Me
Do we like BBD, you hoochie groupie?
I have no love for hoes
That's somethin I learned in the pound
so how the fuck am I supposed
to pay this hoe, just to lay this hoe
I know the pussy's mines, I'ma fuck a couple more times
And then I'm through with it, there's nothing else to do with it
Pass it to the homie, now you hit it
Cause she ain't nuthin but a bitch to me
And y'all know, that bitches ain't shit to me
i gives a fuck, why don't y'all pay attention
Approach it with a different proposition, I'm Kurupt
Hoe you'll never be my only one, trick ass beeeitch!
It ain't no fun, if the homies can't have none
Guess who back in the motherfuckin house
With a fat dick for your motherfuckin mouth
Hoes recognize, niggaz do too
Cuz when bitches get skanless and pull a voodoo
What you gon do?  You really don't know
So I'd advise you not to trust that hoe
Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch
Knowin damn well, I'm too caught up with my grip
Now as the sun rotates and my game grows bigger
How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga named Snoop
Doggy, I'm all the above
I'm too swift on my toes to get caught up with you hoes
But see, it ain't no fun, if my homies can't get a taste of it
Cause you know I don't love em
Whoa!
Hey, now ya know, inhale, exhale with my flow
One for the money, two for the btiches
Three to get ready, and four to hit the switches
In my Chevy, six-fo' Rad to be exact
With bitches on my side, and bitches on back
So back up bitch cuz i'm strugglin, so get
off your knees and then start jugglin
these motherfuckin nuts in your mouth
It's me, Warren G the nigga with the clout
Whoo!
Kill kill kill
How many killas you got on your mother fuckin pay roll nigga?
Snoop Dogg, C-Murder, and Silkk the Shocker
No limit  (biatch)
Nigga nigga I'ma rida
Ride with G's
And ship keys over seas by the three's
Keep an eye on my enemies
Snoop and Silkk
In da back of the Lac
With that AK
In da blue tint, with a infer-red
Mother fucker gonna die tonight
That's why I smoke weed, get high tonight
Cuz I'ma No Limit soldier
With TRU datted in blood
I went to jail for years, for movin, burnin da drugs
Murda murda, kill kill
If you put me in danger
I aint trippin noo
No limit niggaz no strangers
I'ma tank representer till im history
Making playa hatas into a mother fucking memory
So throw'em up if you a soldier
And Snoop Dogg pass tha mother fucking dolja
I know you mother fucking feel me
C-murder aint gonna die, till a bitch nigga kill me
Kill-kill-kill
Murda-murda-murda
Ain't nut'in personal tru
See it's all about respect
Kill-kill-kill
Murda-murda-murda
Im never got slippin
Keep my heat on the dash
Now, how many niggaz you know that can fuck around
And die and come back
They get hooked up with the number one rap label
And rap, like that
Shit I can't be duplicated
But I'm highly playa hated
And I been reinstated
And I thank god that I finally made it
Fated many niggas, just to get one back
Remember im that young nigga
That put gangsta rap on the map
Never craps, only five duices
Mix that moet, white star, with them orange juices
I hang out with real niggas
Like Silkk and C-Murder
TRU niggas, do niggas
Like you niggas
Ghetto ass, lower class
Never hesitate to blast
And im so serious about my hustlin
Gots to have my cash
Can you imagin if I was broke
Shit I wouldn't be bustin no raps
Id have my strap, running up in your door
Takin all your dough and your gold and your cars
Cuz big snoop Dogg, Aint no mother fucking rap star
See ima gangsta(gangsta) and you a notch(you a notch)
And you a sucka(bitch ass nigga), and I rock
Im draped in my army fatigue
Blowing on green trees
In the navigator, and keep the heat for them playa hatas
Now look at murda, murda, murda
And this kill, kill, kill
This shits real
Stay strapped and capped, to get pealed
And mama always told me
If you aint down to ride with god
Down to die with god
You aint no mother fucking soldier
No limit datted on my back and my stomach
Cuz ima mother fucking fool
Uhhh, show me love
Cuz when I make music with thugs, I make moves
Well im coming out hard
I was coming out large
Seen this guy named van
I bring the pain
Look everybody coming out stars
See now me, C, and Snoop in da coupe
In da house thinking about loop
I told niggas
Rap shit isnt bad, I blast'em, So I ask'em, I shoot
Just a young nigga bout raising hell and makin mail
If you a trip
I told you I was making this shit on bail (that's cool)
Back up nigga, cant flame that shit like drugs
And see ima nigga, im gonna hang like a nigga
Bang that shit like it was crips and bloods
Now deal weed nigga
Strapped up in my fatigue
Cant hold me down
Don't even trip my nigga Snoop
If you a soldier now
Do what ya think bitch
For this tank bitch
I stay quick and work
And I got No Limit scattered on my fucking forehead
That's why I do so much dirt
Tonight, there's gonna be a whole lot of smoke in the air
Blow it hard for the ones who ain't here
Seems like every day we're putting one six feet underground
So blessed - what goes up, must come down
Now my buzz is gone, I need to re-up on reality
Can't let them see me weak, I need to pause on it
Is there any possibility that everyone feels like me?
Ashtrays and heartbreaks
I lost some, let's toast to one
So put 'em high, let's reminisce
You're gone, but you never miss
Ashtrays and heartbreaks
I lost some, let's toast to one
So raise a glass to the memories
Set 'em free and fill up all those ashtrays
Fill up all those ashtrays
Tomorrow when you wake up and realize life ain't fair
Throw it back, and make the whole world disappear
You never miss what you had until it's gone
When it's right, something always will go wrong
Now my buzz is gone, I need to re-up on reality
Can't let them see me weak, I need to pause on it
Is there any possibility that everyone feels like me?
Ashtrays and heartbreaks
I lost some, let's toast to one
So put 'em high, let's reminisce
You're gone but you never miss
Ashtrays and heartbreaks
I lost some, let's toast to one
So raise a glass to the memories
Set 'em free and fill up all those ashtrays
Fill up all those ashtrays
Now my buzz is gone, I need to re-up on reality
Can't let them see me weak, I need to pause on it
Is there any possibility that everyone feels like me?
Ashtrays and heartbreaks
I lost some, let's toast to one
So put 'em high, let's reminisce
You're gone but you never miss
Ashtrays and heartbreaks
I lost some, let's toast to one
So raise a glass to the memories
Set 'em free and fill up all those ashtrays
Fill up all those ashtrays
Greetings loved ones
It's the big boss dog... Snoop D-oh-double-G
I want you just to lay back one time
And let yourself unwind
Yeah, this album number nine
I call it "Ego Trippin'"
Fo' shiggadal
Ain't nuttin to it but to do it
I know, I know, I know
I know y'all be trippin off how I be doin my thug thang on TV
But I never forget about what I love the most, and that's makin music
So uhh... I hope y'all... enjoy this shit right here
I took my time on this one
Oh yeah! Be on the lookout for QDT
That's Quik, Dogg and Teddy
Oh, my nigga Terrance Martin in this motherfucker too
Ay, press play homey!
Nah, on the real, press play!
Right NOW
What's up y'all? It's the Mean-ster Green-ster
THIS should be played in residential neighborhoods
clubs, cars, at high volume
Get (?) wodies, at high volume
UNNNNNGHHH! Where all my No Limit Soldiers at?
WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? Where y'all at?
WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? (Throw 'em up, throw 'em up, throw 'em up)
WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? (Get 'em up, get 'em up, get 'em up)
I'm a Down South nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
I'm a West coast nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
I'm a East coast nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
I'm a Midwest nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
Rented gat in his ride, wodie throw 'em up high
We some No Limit Soldiers 'til the day that we die
And everybody in my click be rowdy (UNNNNGHHH)
(?) boot up, or shut up, or get routed!
I'm from the streets and I hang with killers
I make music by the ghetto for the thugs and killers
Wodie respect my hood, screamin C-P-3
Nigga and Magic and Snoop, over there with me
Cause I'm a Uptown nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
If we got problems we gon' bust them triggers
Throw them thangs boy, like Sugar Shane Mosley
Shake them haters, cause y'all can't hold me
Get bucked up, nigga tear da club up
If you ain't bout gettin rowdy then back the FUCK UP
Y'all, know when I'm comin you hear the chopper go BLAKA BLAKA
I came to tear the ROOF off this motherfucker
The hyper y'all get the harder I spit (WHOOO!)
And won't stop until they start a fight in this bitch!
When I touch the mic I set the bitch on fire
Who say they harder? They a motherfuckin LIAR!
I touch the stage the crowd go crazy (AHHH!)
The Devil raised me, you motherfuckers can't fade me
Mr. 9th Ward, better respect this
I keep my head in the air because I know I'm the shit!
B-O-U-T bout it (bout it)
Tear this motherfuckin club up, nigga get rowdy
Big Snoop D-O-double-G in this sonuvabitch (beitch)
Gotcha runnin cause I'm comin with that South shit
Close your mouth BITCH, DoggHouse BITCH
Whatchu thought motherfucker? We gon' stay rich
Well, the sayin goes, we slangin hoes
while y'all be payin hoes, we G'd up
and we pushin these pony-ups
And the heat goes where the homie goes
and the homie knows
No Limit and DoggHouse keep it crack-a-lackin
Mackin actin, rip-rackin, gun clappin and chip stackin
Back up off me!
Bitch, get off me!
Better back up off me!
Bitch, get off me!
Better back up off me!
Bitch, get off me!
Better back up off me!
Bitch, get off me!
Better back up off me!
Bitch, get off me!
Better back up off me!
Bitch, get off me!
Better back up off me!
Bitch, get off me!
Better back up off me!
Bitch, get off me!
I'm a 3rd Ward nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
I'm a 9th Ward nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
I'm a Long Beach nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
I'm a No Limit nigga so FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAZ
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Now which one of y'all motherfuckers (??)
BACK THE FUCK UP!!
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Fuck the world nigga, haha (BEOTCH)
We back wodie! No Limit! Snoop! (WOOF WOOF) P! And Magic
So what I want y'all to do right now
BOUNCE! (Shake them haters shake them haters shake them haters off)
Motherfucker
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Shake them haters off, shake them haters off
Yo Snoop, it's your country uncle Master P man
The black Tony Montana, I wanna tell you
Thank you for ery'thing you did for No Limit
We won the fuckin war together
We can do what we wanna do after this
It ain't No Limit Snoop, you been good to me
Now it's time for me to be good to you
I'm bout to give you your own blocks wodie
You do what you wanna do
Bring 'em in, we get the kilos from the South to the West
We ship 'em, give it to the world
Sell it to the fuckin record stores!
Tell the fuckin haters to shut up!
Cause it still ain't No Limit
I know they thought this was "Tha Last Meal"
but they don't realize it ain't the last deal Snoopy
It's me and you baby, let's toast to success!
DoggHouse, No Limit, to the fuckin world man!
"Last Meal" on that puta, you fuckin cockroaches!
Like a star slipping out of place
Sliding from the sky
Tumbling through space
When you touch my hand
I swear I feel like I'm ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Like a wheel
Whirling round and round
Rolling down a hill (rollin' down a hill)
Spinning on the ground (rollin' down a hill)
Your kissing makes me dizzy yeh
In the head (ooh yeh)
And I'm ballin'
I'm ballin'
Hmm, I love this game coz this game love me back
I'm pushing a lac, smoking sacs like a mad mac
Bringing me back, banging the 8-track track
The Dramatics and Battle Cat and Snoop like that
Big stars in big cars we pull up at the big clubs and sit at the big bars
Sippin' champaign with a bowl of cavier
Hell yeh you are, yeh you are
Say it say it, coz they all deny it
Player play it, coz you cant deny it
As fly as it get, as fly as I spit you know its the shit
It's so gangsta, gangsta bitch
Switch back to the old school, old fools know
This here thang we do so original
I got to have it, lavish
Is how we establish
On the real love one it feels good to have
Like a rose, flippin down the street
Looking oh so sweet (lookin' oh so sweet)
Bumpin to the beat (bumpin to the beat)
These streets they keep me busy yeh
Makin' bread
And I'm ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Oh here I go!
Ballin making dough
Working for myself
Coz it thrills me so
I keep women on my line
Coz they know
That I'm ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Oh here I go!
Driving down the road
I can't help myself
Ballin' Thrills me so
Yeh you blew my mind
And I know , I'm ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Do that, who that, you that one they called on
Baller' get your ball on
It's all on now fall on to a new groove
Really aint nothing to prove
We, set the mood
Or shoot some pool
Or blaze a Cool
What? Whatup fool
Now you can cruise if you choose but I prefer to do the cha-cha
And once my small kitchen ?throw?
You know I gotcha
Watch out, no need to pull your glock out
It's a players affair, now
Look at my hair and the girls wit me
They got the same thang on
Pimp pimp parade, my nigga get your bang on
Coz my uncles about to get their sang on
And all round the world, my nigga, it's the same song
And when its time for your callin', fallin', wit no stallin'
keep it ballin'
He starts to mill
Just rollin' tru his town
Stacking dollar bills (stacking dollar bills)
Raising dogg pound (he be raising the dog pound)
Becasuse he's loved
Loved in every city
Thats why he's ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
Yeh ballin'
(Ballin', Ballin', Ballin', Ballin')
There it is coz it is there
Now have a seat and come hit the game from a player
They say time brings change and change brings time
It's so genuine and so divine
It's been so long in fact its overdue
Now tell me baby girl what can D-O-DOUBLE-G do for you
I fell for you, I'll always look over you
Theres really not much that a player would'nt do for you
So quit stallin' and fallin'
And come get a bar of some of this ballin'
Now quit stallin' and callin'
And come get yaself a bar of this ballin'
Yeh thats right, this is ahh, radio station 187.4 DG
Sock it to your ass
With something from The Dramatics
And Snoop Dog
Let them spot that ok
It's another one of those world premiers
Doin' it to ya doggystyle, in ya air hole
for the 2000 plus 1, yeh
Bang out, til the sun comes up
The wheels fall off in the parking lot
Cause I bang out, keep my glock in hand
While you posted up, chillin' wit cha mans
Bang out, won't catch me sleepin
While you in the club, rollin' out the keys
Cause I bang out,shots go off quick
Catch yo' ass buck naked while you wit ya bitch
Cause I bang out
I toss up the set
I walk up in this bitch with some gold on my neck
Yeah nigga, I controlling the set, rock and rollin' the bitch
Then grab a hold of my dick, I pop a hole in ya click
See you don't wanna fuck with this
One nigga found on the ground, we don't fuck around
D-O-double G pound, L-B-C style
Victory is mine,and I'm gonna shine
Ain't no need to try, can't stop my grind
Keep my pen in hand, going line from line
If you didn't know just press rewind, Victory is mine
Bang out, til the sun comes up
The wheels fall off in the parking lot
Cause I bang out, keep my glock in hand
While you posted up, chillin' wit cha mans
Bang out, won't catch me sleepin
While you in the club, rollin' out the keys
Cause I bang out,shots go off quick
Catch yo' ass buck naked while you wit ya bitch
Cause I bang out
Eastside, Long Beach, rolling twenties
Yup, we fully wooded,
Yeah, we wear the black and gold coats
With patch on the back that says, "Steelers"
Bang out!
A lot niggas wanna do us but they can't
Cause it's hard to get wit us
Watch out for them sliders, boy we riders
Heavy hitters, Eastsidaz, yeah (Bang out!)
We shoot first, talk later
Nigga, yaw paid her, doggy-dog sprayed her
Then I slid away, smooth little get-away
Did it wit a chill of that, (sniff, sniff)
I gonna need a hit a day
I live my life like I was John F. Kenne-day
(Hm, naw) I won't be sent away, fuck a cop, non-stop
Twenty Crip, all day
Bang out, til the sun comes up
The wheels fall off in the parking lot
Cause I bang out, keep my glock in hand
While you posted up, chillin' wit cha mans
Bang out, won't catch me sleepin
While you in the club, rollin' out the keys
Cause I bang out,shots go off quick
Catch yo' ass buck naked while you wit ya bitch
Cause I bang out
Victory is mine,and I'm gonna shine
Ain't no need to try, can't stop my grind
Keep my pen in hand, going line from line
If you didn't know just press rewind, Victory is mine
Yeah nigga, back bangin' (ha-ha-ha)
It's the Big Boss Dogg nigga
Snoop D-O-double G (Bang Out!)
R and G nigga, Rhythm and Gangsta
The Masterpiece
Fuckin' these niggas up once again (Yeah, Yeah)
And ya don't stop (Bang Out!)
Uhh, that felt good
Does it baby?
Yeah, rub my back for me
Where do you want me to rub it baby?
Right here
OK
Ohh
Turn around
Aight, check it out though
Why don't you put me on some music?
What you wanna hear baby?
Put me on some of that old gangsta shit
Aight
Damn! the fuck is that, everytime i'm chillin someone ringing my
motherfuckin doorbell
You want me to get that for you?
Yeah, handle that shit for me
Aight, i'll be right back
What the fuck?
Hey Snoop!
Yo, what's up Snoop Dogg?!
Hey, hey, hey Snoop, what's goin on?
What's up G-Dogg?
Ohh nuttin, tryin to live between this guy
I met tonight to have some dirt no way man
Right right
That nigga fucked about right about now Dogg
I'm about ready to get up out this damn
I'm ready to get his shit up man
With motherfuckin law after me
Punk ass bitches, sucka ass niggaz
I can't take this shit no more dogg
What?! Man you wanna get out the game, come on man
ou can, smoke a pound of bud everyday
You got a big screen TV, man, you wanna give all this up?
You got the dopest shit out on the streets
Nigga, is you crazy? That's the American Dream nigga
Well ain't it?
Fool, you better come on in
Wait wait wait wait hold up Snoop
Hey nigga, I put five dollars on the weed
You better quit fuckin with me
It's time to get busy in this motherfucker...
Like we always do about this time
"Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed"
"Roger, ready to move out"
No one, can save the day like Batman
Robin, will make you sway like that and
Beat for beat, rhyme for rhyme
Deep in Gotham, fightin crime
No one, can save the day like Batman
Commissioner X here!
Batman & Robin, we have a bit of a problem
There's trouble brewing in Gotham City
You MUST act fast!
Holy mackeral Batman!  I think these clowns need to back down
Let's be the Gap Band and drop the bomb on 'em and make 'em SCAT man
(When you say scat man, like the brother called brother) Uh-huh
(When it's on, it's cold, so bring the coroner cover)
We can take it to the Bassment, live with Tigger
Go get The Riddler, to watch me play that nigga like a fiddler
on a hot tin roof, I got them watchin who?
She who spits it like she was sippin rot-ten brew, ooh
(We Marvel at you Comics, you ain't no Superhero)
You just a stupid zero, you ain't hard like DeNiro
Surprise!  The Dynamic Duo
Batman & Robin, gats set for squabbin (nigga!)
Splat!  Hit 'em like forty-five shells (nigga!)
Plat!  Means more than one million sales
That's nuff shot to lick, you get done up
Plus we got the Bat gats, so why would you run up?
"Batman!  Batman!  Batman."
Yeah, when it's beef in Gotham City I, gots to flip and
Hit 'em with the POW! BAM! BIFF!  Whoa
Pick up your lips, don't trip, tie your shoelace
When I spit, I split it, turn Harvey Dent into Two-Face
Robin, I'm more than a sidekick, I'm more like the livest
They wanna go head up and collide
And like collision, hope your moms made provisions
See you ain't got no wins baby, not even a smidgen
Mad hostility dealt, now I'ma really be felt
Switch on my utility belt, make yo' facility melt
I go Mad on yo' Hatter, watch yo' whole shit splatter
Get, wicked on yo' case like Detective Van Adder
So the, sayin goes, if you snooze you lose
Trust you do, me and Batman the Dynamic Two!
Cold day in Gotham in the Bat Cave chillin
Catnip for Catwoman so she caught the feeling
Huh, talk about flavor for a Pringle
A favor for a favor maybe later we can mingle
Damn, just then, the Bat Phone ringin
They hoo-bangin' in Gotham, I got to do my thing
Batman!  War is on the brink
It seems that the Penguin is causing a stink
Call up Robin quick, you know what to do
Add dye to the water and splash the town blue
Shit I'm there in a flash, Batmobile on 3's
Trust me buddy, got heat for Mr. Freeze
And Clayface will catch the em-brace
of napalm when I drop my Bat Bomb
.. and don't you forget it
Takin out you suckers and you don't know how I did it
No one, can save the day like Batman
Robin, will make you sway like that and
Beat for beat, rhyme for rhyme
Deep in Gotham, fightin crime
No one, can save the day like Batman
Robin, will make you sway like that and
Beat for beat, rhyme for rhyme
Deep in Gotham, fightin crime
Dirty Dinkins Batman!
Did you see those crispy khaki creases on that rugged wretched..
Aiy-yo-yo-yo kick back Robin
Get Alfred and tell him to have barbecued buffalo wings
and a pitcher of Kool-Aid on chill
It's about to get real in the field
Leapin Lo-lo's!  Over there Batman!  That's a no-no!
Let's hop out this fo'-do'!
Yea yea yea, systems engaged
Start the Bat Engine, hit the Bat Switches
You ready Robin?  Let's dip
Let's, dip!  Holy Hoodrat Sally smokin crack in the alley
Let's, dip!  I mean, crazy kinfolk in Kingsville Batman!
We must, we MUST Batman, listen to me
Holy Leapin Lizards and Gizzards and all that shit that come with it
And potatoes on top with gravy in the middle
God damnit Batman!
"Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da--da-da-dah - BATMAN!!"
Who ride? (We ride!)
Who ride? (We ride!)
Who ride? (WE RIDE!)
On three "We ride"
One two three - WE RIDE!
One two three - WE RIDE!
One two three - WE RIDE!
Mr. Porter!
Beat up on yo' pads
C'mon little homie go on and beat up on yo' pads
Yeah, beat up on yo' pads
Ha ha (Steelers Steelers)
Yeah, beat up on yo' pads
C'mon little homie go on and beat up on yo' pads
You love football?  Well beat up on yo' pads
If you down with Snoop Dogg go on and beat up on yo' pads
All my little homies beat up on yo' pads
C'mon little homie go on and beat up on yo' pads
If you're runnin the ball then speed up on 'em fast
Ain't no need to play with 'em, go on beat up on yo' pads
They bang every Saturday and Sunday loc
SYFL, man it ain't no joke
Helmets and shoulder pads, ain't no bulletproof vests
See ain't too many options on the wild wild West
See I've been blessed, so I guess that I can give back
Football in the hood dog, you dig that
I brought the demos back and that's just one
I'm in Pomona with the Steelers, come and get some
Want some'n bad enough take it
Them runningbacks dippin, cuttin and shakin, you ain't gettin none
Inside-out, hit the eight gap
I love it when they say that - who's house?!
C house, G house, P house, D house
Well, we house wherever we go, blowin 'em out
Lettin 'em know, never know that you could shine
It's all for the kids and plus they havin a good time
And as long as I live
I'ma stay doin positive and helpin the kids
So when you see me on the football field
"I need to holla at you Doggy Dogg!"  Homie chill (chill nigga!)
Now what you need to do is read up on my past
'fore I have my little homies go and beat up on yo' ass
Matter fact, little homie go and beat up on yo' pads
Show 'em how we get out ball on, beat up on yo' pads
Yeah, go on and beat up on yo' pads
All my little homies go ahead and beat up on yo' pads
If you a, ball player, then beat up on yo' pads
SYFL, homie beat up on yo' pads
Yeah, go on and beat up on yo' pads
All my little homies go and beat up on yo' pads
Aw yeah, beat up on yo' pads
Ain't nuttin to it but to do it, beat up on yo' pads-pads
Yeah, go on and beat up on yo' pads
C'mon little homie go on and beat up on yo' pads
Celebratin just beat up on yo' pads
All in together now just beat up on yo' pads
Yeah, go on beat up on yo' pads
All you football players go on and beat up on yo' pads
All in together now, c'mon y'all (beat up on yo', beat up on yo')
Go on beat up on yo', beat up on yo', beat up on yo' pads-pads
For all my little homies in the Snoop Youth Football League
Yeah, you know Coach Snoop love y'all
Ain't nuttin to it but to do it, uh
For all my future NFL stars (yeah)
Yeah from the SYFL to high school (get it)
On to college, on to the big leagues
That's what it does
Yeah (run little homies, run run little homies, run!)
For the kids man, it's for the kids man!
It's for the kids, hold on hold, back up
Oi fala comigo
Guy on phone: Yo let me talk to Snoop
Snoop answers phone: E ai?
Guy on phone: Yo dog we on the way to do the video
Snoop: Fo shizzle!
Ohhh-ohh-oh-ohhh-ohhh... (Oh-hooo!)
Yeahhh, yeahh, yeah, yeahhhh... (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...)
Beautiful, I just want you to know (Oh-hooo!)
You're my favorite girl... (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...)
I know you gon' lose it, this new Snoop shit
Come on baby boo, you gotsta get into it (Oh-hooo!)
Don't fool wit the playa with the cool whip
Yeah-yeah, you know I'm always on that cool shit
Walk to it, do it how you do it
Have a glass, lemme put you in the mood and, (Oh-hooo!)
Lil' cutie lookin' like a student
Long hair, wit'cha big fat booty
Back in the days you was a girl I went to school wit
Had to tell your moms and sister to cool it (Oh-hooo!)
The girl wanna do it, I just might do it
Here to walk wit some pimp-pimp fluid
Mommy don't worry, I won't abuse it
Hurry up and finish so we can watch "Clueless" (Oh-hooo!)
I laugh at these niggas when they ask who do this
But everybody know who girl that you is
When I see my baby boo, shit, I get foolish
Smack a nigga that tries to pursue it (Oh-hooo!)
Homeboy, she taken, just move it
I asked you nicely, don't make the Dogg lose it
We just blow 'dro and keep the flow movin'
In a '64, me and baby boo cruisin' (Oh-hooo!)
Body rag interior blue, and
Have them hydralics squeakin' when we screwin'
Now she's yellin', hollerin' out Snoop, and
Hootin', hollerin'; hollerin', hootin' (Oh-hooo!)
Black and beautiful, you the one I'm choosin'
Hair long and black and curly like you're Cuban
Keep groovin', that's what we doin'
And we gon' be together until your moms move in... (Oh-hooo!)
Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...
...See I just want you
To know that you are really special...
Ohh why, oh why, oh why, oh why...
Snoop Dogg Clothing, that's what I'm groomed in
You got my pictures on the wall in your room-in (Oh-hooo!)
Girls be complainin' you keep me boomin'
But girls like that wanna listen to Pat Boone (Ehh... oh yeah, there's
something about you...)
You's a college girl, but that don't stop you from doin'
Come and see the Dogg in a hood near you-in (Oh-hooo!)
You don't ask why I roll wit a crew, and
Twist up my fingers and wear dark blue-in (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something
about you...)
On the eastside, that's the crew I choose
Nothin' I do is new to you (Oh-hooo!)
I smack up the world if they rude to you (Ehh...)
'Cause baby girl you so beautiful...
Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you... Oh-hooo!
Yeah, this record's for my baby, my baby boo
I know I'm always on the road, I'm always gone
And you say I'll never make records for you no more
Well this record is from me to you baby
Yeah, real talk
Been around tha world
I've been into many places seen some unfamiliar faces
But baby none of them compares to you
Soon as I get home I'm racing to unplug my phone
I seen everything twice
Been around tha world, I've seen every scene twice
Stopping down in Tokyo, dipping in the rice
I'm a boss at the wind, I cracked every colored dice
I do it big, fuck the rumors
Rich and infamous with the blue and gray Pumas
Gangstas don't die, they just move to Miami
I did all that, I was voted ...
I'm sorta like Sammy
Smoother than Marvin, I need me a Tammy
Sipping Chardinae, making deals on my hands free
Fatherhood, now the actors can't stand me
'Cause I own rap and I'm coming for your day job
Until then I'm chilling at the day spa
Relax my mind and just chill
'Cause without you none of this is real
Baby you know I
Been around tha world
I've been into many places, seen some unfamiliar faces
But baby none of them compares to you
Soon as I get home I'm racing to unplug my phone
Yeah, but now I'm back across the water
I'm in Sydney with somebody's daughter
Blowing sticky by the zips and they can tell
By my rag hanging, fuck this is Crip, but I'm chilling
It feels so good to get away
Especially when your name is D O double Gizzee
Coast to coast jetting, man I been doing that
What's up, just start balling ... I been around the track
Hop in Peas with the bosses
300 for the yacht, the third deck got a office
Docking down in Monaco, churching with my folks
Bad luck had me dying when I fell up out that boat
My life is like a movie
But the bad guy don't die at the end, so sue me
Then I relax and chill
'Cause without you none of this is real
Baby you know I
Been around tha world
I've been into many places, seen some unfamiliar faces
But baby none of them compares to you
Soon as I get home I'm racing to unplug my phone
Been around tha world
I've been into many places, seen some unfamiliar faces
But baby none of them compares to you
Soon as I get home I'm racing to unplug my phone
Just for you baby
Yeah, I'm on my way home right now
I'm on my way right now
I'm leaving the studio right now
Yeah, soon as I get home tomorrow I'ma go unplug it
Matter of fact I ain't even gonna bring it in the house
See you in a minute
Celebrate, grab a drink and put a blunt in the sky
Worldwide, nigga it's 1999
Shit out of control, sign of the times
I ain't had this much fun since '79
I was only eight then, hadn't been to the penn
Just a young nigga on the front of a swing
Playin football up in Powly High
Too young to ride but it's still Eastside
Homocides didn't happen much, niggas wasn't rappin much
It's 99 nigga, shit, I know you strappin up
Hell motherfuckin yeah, nigga wanna see the end
So next year we can do it all again
Same dogg channel, same dogg time
Only the strong will survive in 99
So much drama and dillusion, my conclusion is confusing
Drippin on my memories, twisted off my music
Tryin to make my people do things, oh yeah we do's it, we do's it
Here's my number baby girl don't you lose it
It's smoky in this motherfucker while we cruising
And Eastside niggas is the shadiest (shadiest)
But them Westside niggas is the craziest (craziest)
Summertime on the grind, baby let me shine, let me shine
Roll with this shit, I'm cold with this shit in my prime
Nigga done time and I never dropped a motherfucking dime
Be smart, fresh start is all you need
First thing first, cuz, stop smoking cess weed
You are what you smoke, nigga stop hating
That's why you broke and that's why we celebrating
But life's so hard on a G, that's what they all say
But somehow someway, better days ahead, Freddy's dead
And Betty said Eddie's a fed
Sweaty in bed with a nine to his head
And he fuckin with this hoodrat that he met up in dance
Betty gettin mad cause Eddie wanna share
But look at how you livin for a minute then compare
I love confetti, I always stay ready
Keep some killers by my side and some riders by the telli
I'm ready to do now, who now, you now
Eddie wasn't ready when they drew that, booyow
Two down, with just one gun
My nigga, and who said killin wasn't no fun
I sit alone in the zone with a face of stone
Live the life of Al Capone or Don Coroleone
Tragically casulties and fatalities
And all kinds of funny ass niggas coming after me
My grand pappy once sat me on his lap and he said
Sonny get your money 'fore you end up dead
I never really understood what he said
Until my motherfucking dogg took a slug in his head
Cold way nigga gotta learn his lesson
Slow down and go down, shit you know now
Be smart, fresh start is all you need
First things first cuz, stop smokin cess weed
You are what you smoke, my nigga stop hating
That's why you broke and that's why we celebrating
But life's so hard on a G, that's what they all say
But somehow someway, you got to make a better way
(Somehow someway)
You got to make a better way
(You got to make a better way)
You got to make a better way
(You got to make a better way)
You got to make a better way
(You got to make a better way)
You got to make a better way
(Yeah, better days ahead)
Better days ahead
(Better days ahead)
Better days ahead
That's real.
I feel your pain nigga.
I used to be just like you nigga.
Before I got off in this rap shit.
Shit, nigga did anything to get a dollar.
You know, but one thing I never did do.
I ain't never beg a nigga for nothing or ask a nigga for nothing.
I went out and got my own ya feel me?
So from me to you, man to man.
Better days ahead my nigga.
Shit, keep the faith and get your hustle on.
Cause I'm a get mine regardless.
Nigga wether I'm rapping or on the streets.
I gotta have it.
Yeah
Time to bring your ass to the table y'all
It's X to the Z, Xzibit
Snoop double G, uh O.G (Westcoast, Los Angeles)
Uh, bring it live, Dr. Dre
What
Throwin' up a big ass W
Coverin' up the world, right
Yeah, listen, look
You ain't try to high box with me
I swing hard liquor
Goin' down by the second round
All hail the underground
How that sound?
Xzibit backin' down from a conflict
Fuck the nonsense, terrorist
Hit a bomb shit
Blast with metal in every direction
Innocent bystanders taught a very hard lesson
I'm the reason there's no time to reach for that weapon
And reason why Niggas promise keep on steppin'
Xzibit ready to scrap
Like Mike Tyson with his license back
9 to 5, minimum wage
What type of life is that for me
It not for me
You fuckin' round with the Sundance Kid and Butch Cassidy
You outta your destiny
You don't wanna tango with the X,
strangle your neck
slap like the opposite sex
Drunk drivin' tryin' to stack my loot
While other rappers gettin' treated like a prostitute
So check the sound scale
All I wanna be was a G, ha
My poor guide, Nigga please, ha
Breakin' on these motherfuckin' keys, ha
Let's get these motherfuckin' G's, ha
Bet you don't wanna fuck with this
Oh no, big Snoop Dogg
Back up in the heazy baby
You jockin' my style
You so crazy
Dre said, Ain't No Limit to this
As long as we drop gangsta shit
Look here bitch
You fine and I dig your style
Come fuck with a Nigga
Do it Doggystyle
I'll be gentle, sentimental
Shit, we fucked in a rental
Lincoln Continental
Um, coast to coast
L.A. to Chicago
I get this pussy everywhere that I go
(Yeah Nigga you know what's happenin' man)
Ask the bitches in your click can't say no
(These bitches know what time it is)
I get this pussy everywhere that I go
(Yeah, oh, a story bout a Nigga like me)
Ask the bitches in your click can't say no
(I'm gonna hip these hoes, Nigga)
Bitch please
Get down on your goddamn knees
For this money, chronic, blow that weed
You fuckin' with some real O.G's
Bitch please
Bitch please
Get down on your motherfuckin' knees
We came to get the motherfuckin' G's
Yeah, you fuckin' with some real O.G's
You dick-tease
Bitch please
Now what you need to do is
Hand my coat
And roll me some dope
Different strokes,
for different folks
Oh, you like settin' Niggas up and gettin' them loc's
Oh, cute little bitch with a whole lot hard
Shit get thick when the lights get dark
She said she got some lick for me
Worked about 200 G's and 30 keys
Now check this out Dre
Snap if I don't move
Then a Nigga like me
Shit I don't lose
But you know me
Dogg I'm movin'
Ain't nothin' to it, but to get the groovin'
You've been waitin' on a Nigga like me
To take your chance and ride with men and beat up the pussy
A victim off the circumstance
That's the devil
They always wanna dance
See we grow up with a bang
I'm tryin' to work this cold thing
And take this whole thing
I get the money everywhere that I go
I bust a bitch and take here money for sure
I get the money everywhere that I go
I bust a bitch and take here money for sure
Ayyo, ayyo, ayyo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claimin' DPG
Till the day I D-I-E
Watch it!Watch it!
Daz is coming and there'll be no more waiting
Watch it!Watch it!
Kurupt is coming and there'll be no more waiting
Watch it!Watch it!
Doggystyle is coming and there'll be no more waiting
You might be shooting up close with the Itial ever lose respectin
Now follow me deep in the depths of my mind
Thinkin many plots blossoms how amny times?
I'm sedated my (?conscriptiated?) from beginning
Broke in the bombest weed smoke that will make a nigga choke
To my loccs way down in the Valley deep
To my homies in the Pound from L-ong Beach
To my bulls out in Philly coz all they smoke is phillies
Wit' these silly ass bitches out for a niggas riches
Now really really ever slip or trip
A big shout out to my niggas in ??
I spits the vocabulary to sinks MCs like ships
With my nocturnal rhymes and editorial clips
I gotta click that'll hit you like a thousand volts
The homies catchin cases,robberies and assaults
It ain't my fault that my shit might hit like that
Listen in,get elevated off the verbal contact
When a nigga gotta strive for his he can't stop
Gotta get somewhere
When a nigga gotta mash for his he can't stop
Gotta get somewhere
My mind-state these days make the average nigga afraid
Hurt em in the worst way,put it down for myself
Put em to rest,confess nevertheless
Snatch em a cap and destroy em at my best
For the simple fact that with contact we the block entourage
We drop bombs and we known to calm down the savage beast
And the rest of the jungle,while mistreat
Any MC tryin to fuck with D-A-Z
I represent it to the fullest,it could be a verbal massacre
In '96,with a diff'rent approach I'm shit
I got the flavour and I'm major,bust the ass
Niggas can't stop us and can't fade us
Shady ass niggas can't stand next to ya
When the Tek connects to ya,swift as a cheetah when I'm catchin ya
I bet'cha I won't let ya escape
Face-to-real on point-to-train-to kill beyond the violated area
When the smoke clears the area,rather we toast
So at home I blaze the zag or the bone
Once again another zone is gone
MCs try to step they get lit and blown
At the end the lights go out so before they do
I'm a L-B-C on through,stayin true
Demanding my respect,respect is what I've given
So respect is what I expect,the money got me driven
To the point of no return so the streets I roam
Don't catch chrome to the dome of this flack black
.45 calibre Glock,gat,gun or pistol
Whistle and watch all my homeboys come run
Or hear the click,damn that shit that you get hit with
When we bust I let loose,this is pre-meditated dick-up
To all the busters that jealous and hate it but can't fade it
With the every attempt they fail,oh well
Consequences get suffered,I put pressure on sucker motherfuckers
The bill is crisp,(the deal is )the deal is this-
I gotta plot em on a mash for my chips
Get in my way and get stepped on
I'm stompin,steppin with my projectile weapon
Wuz up (?Jex?)so's eject the hum
When I swarm through,who knew about the real deal I conceal?
But still can you feel the topic of the whole situation is trust
No ho is a must!If I bust
My brain constructs to form knowledge to the max
Defeatin and deletin elevation set backs
We wax tracks and smack up MCs who compose the violence
Bringin drama with no parental guidance
Eyes went deceived,somethin up my sleeve to intrigue
And these MCs will be Gs also D-P-Gs and L-B-Cs
When we do the do to you so go call your crew
And who wants to compete with technique
Conflict will be verbal so watch how you speak
And what you say when I display
Sleepless acts as (?bombin ya?),suffer from insomnia
And I'm a gonna be comin for you
So please be on the lookout for the Doggystyle Crew
(Watch out nigga!)
It's the sucker MC barbecue cookout!Cookout!
Watch out now!
Ha-ha yeah wit'cha bad self.Watch out!
Get your money, whip ya hair
Executive branch blow my smoke like a player
Yeah in the club, yes it cracks
Cute little mama, but they stack with backs
I'm smokin' great purple urple
You and Doggie world come and join my circle
I'll break down herbal til I move like a turtle
My money is green and my Porsche is turbo
In hot pursuit, come rock with Snoop
Maybe it's the lawyer, her body's the truth
I'm in the game for real, it pay's to chill
I walk in the club and they front the bill
I'm the big dogg, best beware
You're coming with me, if you stop the stare
She'll be on my team in my car on the way to the spot
Yes you are, toasting up, posting up
And when we're done, we west coasting love
For shendo blowin' endo,
How much for the Dog in the window
oh. what?
Boom!
Boom!
Say what? say what?
Boom!
Talk to 'em T-pain
Baby I'm a Dogg! (I'm a Dogg!), beware! (beware!)
I'll do whatever, however I want! (I want!)
This one for y’all (this one for y’all!), oh yeah! (oh yeah!)
Now put your hands in the air, now whip your hair and go
La la la la la
Boom shakalaka when I drop all of my apples, say
La la la la la
One aint a quitter, shawty know that I ain't playin
I'm all about the money, the money I got
On the VIP tip, Maserati in the lot
Kill 'em with stars where the bottle never stops
Got a model on my lap, Baby show me what you got
With a cup of landy, Tiffany and Sandy
Girls who like girls, wanna do it today
Real tough, this suites is next
One more drink gon' lead to sex
These girls is bad, the flow is pack?
They shut the Dogg down when he reach the max
Whatcha trying to drink? Clearer yet
She got Apple Bottom, homie, all I need to do is mack
I does it well, your game is whack
I guess to the bit is no chit chat
Now where do we go? I beats the gush
She's in love with the gangster, that's what up
That's what up. Boom!
That's what up. Boom!
That's what up. Boom!
Speak to 'em T-pain
Boom shakalaka here comes the chief like I smoke good
with T-pain, Snoop Dogg, we doctor
Big 808 now filled the basin in ya chakra
And watch me smoke like a shotta
Coke bottle shape like green eyes
Drunk offa love like a colt 45
I keep kush in my lungs
I'm gonna smoke til I die
Just bust a bad one for my homie D-Dimes
Boom!
They do it for fortune, some for fame
I got five different strains,
You ever taste purple rain
Turn up the volume, adjust the game
Ain't a damn thing change, it's still a G-Thang
Lil mama whip ya hair
Exhale the Chronic as the smoke disappears
I'm ready to ball
Your girl on my team, and she ready to fall
And if you didn't know, I'm the big Snoop Dogg
Boss Playa .. Boss Playa ..
Big Snoop Dogg .. is a Boss Playa
This is the archbishop .. Don Magic Juan
Skin and game, cheah
Many people don't be knowin' about this pimp game (pimp game)
But I'm sure they wanna know about this pimp game (pimp game)
And to me you know it aint no motherfuckin' thang
To give it to you plain and simple, cause you know its played
Holla at 'em Doggy Dogg, go and do that thang (go ahead)
Ok son, I'll tell ya like my nigga "Pootie Tang"
I got that bounce, to make her booty swang
That little cutie thang, 'fraid she's a beauty bang
Rollin' with a player cause thats what he was
And dedicated to his paper, Jesus
On his bitches (hard as feeds uck)
And if them law boys pull him over he won't freeze up
He got the heata-fa-heata and the keysa
With a pocket full of big faced Visas
They say its cheaper to keep her, now baby ease up
Kick back and blaze some of these trees up
Now sit your ass in the treesa
And do me a favor and turn the music up
Should I slap her, or should I freak her
I'll take the stronga, you can have the weaka
Speak when spoken to, yeah I broke a few
And by the way I was hoping you
Had a freak for me and a freak for you
I make 'em do for us
The thang you been wantin' her to do for months
This is the Chairman of the Board ..
The archbishop Don Magic Juan ..
Big Snoop Dogg .. is a boss playa
As a matter a fact
I was there when he was crowned 'Boss Playa', cheah
I had three on my right arm and four on my left
Lime green and gold, we was sharp to death
Had to catch my breath, watch my step
Playin' this game, you can holla at the ref
And call a timeout, before you put your dime out
Stop, pause, rewind before you put your rhyme out
And go to the "Wizard of Oz"
And tell 'em that your tryin' to get yourself a brand new heart
A brand new start
Cause you realized that you hadn't played your part
And that was smart
It's like a art the way I articulate
And break these bitches from state to state
See, I've been the flyest since I came out the gate
I ain't ask for it homie I just shake and bake
I won't fake to make you buy my tape
I say a prayer to the Lord just to keep my faith
Fuck straight
Will you steal for me? (Yes I will)
Will you kill for me? (Yes I will)
Would you lie to me? (Never)
Would you die for me? (Whenever)
Will you steal for me? (Yes I will)
Will you kill for me? (Yes I will)
Would you lie to me? (Never)
Would you die for me? (Whenever, whenever)
Big Snoop Dogg, lets you know ..
That this game ain't for no lame ..
If you got heart, you can play this game
But if your heart ain't right
We got a remedy for that, too
You gotta go see the wizard .. to get you some heart
And the archbishop Don Magic Juan is the Wizard
That's got the game .. for them lame
Boss Playa .. Boss Playa .. that's what this gang is all about
Boss Playa
Gangsta, Gangsta, where you been?
Round the corner messin' with brothanem
Youngsta, Youngsta, you at it again?
Poppin' gats for the fuck of it, when you know you got ends
I don't think that you should be in the streets like that
You know you the fashion type of cat
Always in them stores, with major whores
Doin' things, bling bling
West Coast runnin', lovin', hustlin' smokin', always chokin' in the green
With the sticky in yo hand fo sho
Everybody round ya cause  they know you got mo'
Wet Cristal, you like to get wild
You like to dip in yo sexy shit
Rollin' through them streets, poppin' CPT
L.B.C. rollin' with me, ohh
Some of 'em lie about the shit they got and what they do on the block
Some of 'em lie about the guns they pop
But I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't
That's how it is for me 'cause I live a boss' life
So many niggaz wanna play but still got dues to pay
Some of 'em gotta beg a bitch to stay
But I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't
That's how it is for me 'cause I live a boss' life
Now this is for the B's and the C's, and the D's and the H's
And the G's puttin work in overseas
At ease with the Doggy and smoke some weed
Fuck it, if my nigga detoxing, it's more for me
Baby this is presidential really
A pocket full of women understanding how I'm living
Show them hoes how you winning
It's the beginning with the pearls you're given
The world soft like linen and sweet like cinnamon
But everyday like 50 say, it's +Many Men+
They wanna take me out the spot, they want the pussy and the ends
But separate the paper and the Benz and the cribs
Then the hoes, then the clothes, I'ma have to let 'em go
You know how the Dogg roll.. don't get it twisted
'Cause he bang out the East just in case you wanna visit
A touch of the exquisite, mixed with somethin pimpish
And it's comin from the Beach where them niggaz is a beast
But I just listen, all that shit is in my past
I'm connected to the purse first nigga.. the ass last
From Long Beach to Venice is the premise
Want the green like spinach and I'm strong to the finish
See me man, I'm nothin like you
I got the kinda swagger that you ain't used to
I'm leanin in my ride, fo' fifth, cock bangin
Me, I'm ridin by ya on the corner, block slangin
I'm livin that boss' life (life)
The hoes come runnin when they see me comin
I'm livin that boss' life (life)
You can have anything just don't fuck with my money (my money)
This is for the West and the East and the Dirty South
Khaki's and them Tim's and them niggaz with the platinum mouths
Thinkin that they blessed by the actions that be comin out
When you in Magic City you be carrying a lot of clout
But trickin ain't the route (route), that's even if you got it
There's a method to you holdin it when they can't do without it
Just put the key up in it nigga if she 'bout it
You can have her and her partner, fuckin with it for a dolla
If she a balla, she gon' ride with a shot caller
Roll with the Bo$$ Dogg in the back of a blue Impala
And if she follow.. then she gon' swallow
All the game you got to give her, be a different bitch tomorrow
But I would never bother breakin out (Tha Doggfather)
'Less I knew that she was 'bout him, havin diamonds on his collar
I'm just an author, spreading game to my partners
Walkin on the blue carpet with the Doctor (Doctor)
As I take a look down the boulevard
Fun of get to you, life is very hard
So many faces bearing the battle scars
But love I bring to the people
Coming straight from the heart
If crisis is what we see
All over the world is pure controversy
One man can't put the price pan humanity
It seems like the whole world's gone crazy
Everybody knows Johnny came from the roughest part of town
Survived the School of Hard Knox but still came up and made his chips
The realest life, never watch it down
Walk with a gun through the heart of town
We hearin bam bam bam, a familiar sound
To the youth down in the gully where Johnny boy done grow
He never thought that he would make it out
It's crabs in the barrel down in ST close
As I take a look down the boulevard
Fun of get to you, life is very hard
So many faces bearing the battle scars
But love I bring to the people
Coming straight from the heart
If crisis is what we see
All over the world is pure controversy
One man can't put the price pan humanity
It seems like the whole world's gone crazy
Poor Johnny Johnny got stuck for his money
Things get funny when you rump with the daddy
Later on the goons pull up in the black Caddy
Next step on the news them find another dead body
Tales for the inner city
We break it right down to the nitty glitty
Who's responsible for the crime and poverty?
What a tragedy
Wayoo
I wish that I could singlehandedly free the entire planet
Turn from crying man poverty
Love me when the love he say they near
When we burn real seize and jealousy unheard
And you take me one, you are part of this effect
Come into slavery, we would be emancipated
If they break our eggs then co-operate
Not a gyal stop me from achieving the greatest
As I take a look down the boulevard
Fun of get to you, life is very hard
So many faces bearing the battle scars
But love I bring to the people
Coming straight from the heart
If crisis is what we see
All over the world is pure controversy
One man can't put the price pan humanity
It seems like the whole world's gone crazy
Ya baby
Ya player
Ya baby
That's some real pimp shit right here
These bitches is outta line man
What's the matter dog you can't control your bitches?
Check this out man
I got bitches all in my game that don't even know my name
then pump your brakes, you hoes
Bitch!
You could talk all day behind my back, but wont say shit in my face
then pump your brakes, you hoes
Bitch!
you are then one, you are then one,
you are then one, you are then one, you are then one, hooo
you are sexy, sexy, sexy, you are so sexy
you are then one, you are then one,
you are then one, you are then one, you are then one, hoo hoo
you are sexy, sexy, sexy, hmmm
Carla, Darla, Charlene and Camina
Tereka and Erika, they love to take care of her
Real motherfucker from the DPG
Keesha, Resha, Tammy and Renesha
I appreciate the way y'all skate
when the clock hit eight
now April and Kate
Y'all be doin' too much
Running your mouths
Fucking shit up, you gotta get up
cause I done had enough
Getting sick and tired of the same stuff
You told Kamil and she told Karla
and she told April and now they all know
But I could give a fuck 'cause all y'all my hoes
So, all that confronting the real nigga on site
today is today, last night was last night
As I leaned with my hand on my balls
I had to really check these bitches and tell then like this dog
Nina do this and Tina do that
Sabrina, Sakina, nigga them all my hood rats
Back in the days when I was on the ??
At an early age man
I was on the ??
Non-stop, I beat it up and tell that bitch to get going
(They be like hot butter on a breakfast toast)
Hollarin' out, poppin' a collar out
And talkin' shit on the phone to me at my baby-moma's house
(who's she?) Look here bitch do you know who the fuck I am
You better read your motherfuckin' first telegram
you remind me of this bitch that used to work for me
Had to cut the bitch up 'cause she tried to get too close to me
And tried to confront me at a club one night
Fuckin' with her friend, a fake bitch (Is that right?)
But you know I had to stop and applause
And I put my hand on my balls and said ?? what's up dog
I got my own spot and I got my own keys
So can't no bitch talk shit to me
Like Kiki did me, bitch changed the locks
And kicked me up outta spot
I learned a lesson, I wasn't guessin' or stressin'
I got another bitch and she was at the convalescent home
She said she needed a companion
Shit I needed a chaperone plus a new home
Snap, crack, it's on
But in no time at all seems she fell in love
But i wasn't ready for that
Topcat had to scat
I hit her friend from the back
While she was at work workin'
I was jerkin' that skirt
And fucking with all her friends that was flirtin'
And when she found out she told me that that shit hurt (boo-hoo)
A week later she fell in love with my homeboy Kurt
Bitch you ain't shit but dirt for dirt (bitch!)
This is a sexy bitch
Pimp
Its pimp shit, its pimp shit
Nigga said his bitch took him to court for child support
Its cheaper to keep her
Cheaper to keep her
Thats real talk
Cheaper to keep her
Thats real talk, its cheaper to keep her
Now if you don't think I know what the fuck i'm talkin bout
(What you talkin bout?)
Run down to the Dogg House, and see fo' yo own two eyes
Bitches try to pull snake moves to get a piece of the pie
Its impossible, to stop a ho
So let her go, and get the dough
Lead the way, or step aside
Break a bitch till the day I die
Check me out, no doubt, I flip the game and re-route
I check her in wit Magic Man Juan, or Pimpin Ken
I just got back from Milwaukee, the All-Star game
Not the NBA nigga, i'm talkin real playa shit mayne
Macks, ballas, hustlas, and prostitutes
On the real my nig, you got to, got to get the loot
And if you got to shoot to get the loot
Then I guess you got to do what you gotta do
But know this, fa sho this, its somethin for realler
From a fifty cent nigga to a thousand dollar nigga
Fuck George Bush, the army, and the G.I.
Nigga this P.I., until I D.I.
Now don't get mad when you see me wit ya girlfriend
She ridin shot gun, smokin the damn thang again
Now say it ain't true...
Baby you gank em and play em it ain't no ring on you
That ain't what I do, just because I spend time wit you
Don't really mean i'm lyin to you
You got to understand what this young pimp will say
Cause right about now, it ain't no time for play
Now watch me slap ya ass wit dicks, bitch
You was stricly dickly, why you turn clitly
Thats even better, now both of you bitches lick me
Then I sit back and watch y'all eat pussy
Kick off my feet and count my cheese
Snoop this ain't the XLF, this the P-I-M-P
Look, she think she burned out
Wait until I put her on the fast track and have her turned out
P.I!
Lil pretty skinny ass bitch, but she gotta monkey
I know she suck dicks cause her lips nice and puffy
But she got the wrong thought, kinda got me turned off
Must be why she sweatin me, the ectasy she gon off
For realler, ho don't know i'm bout that scrilla
I peel her like a sunkiss for comin wit that dumb shit(stupid bitch!)
I keeps the P.I., poppin fa sho
Other suckas tend to love em, we just cop em and blow
Hos come, hos go, hos runnin ya slow
So keep her foot up in her ass, unless a dick in her throat
Main grew bitch will go what I make ya do
And keep ya eyes on my Stacys while i'm lacin you
Ya like sex and shit, and gettin naked quick
Ya lil wreckless bitch, so gon and check them chips
And bring every penny back home and deck
And pull a couple of mo' hos you know that wanna get wrecked
In this times
Of hate and pain
We need a remedy
To help us through the rain
Can't you see
I'm straight up G.
Old Chief
Fuck you niggas
Think you can't fuck with me
(Snoop Dogg)
Oh c'mon
Now that pimp is gonna jump back
Bitch, and fuck that
Shit, I'm qualify to knock a hoe no matter where ever I've go
Excuse me partner, this is pimpin' little pimpin let you know
Break the bitch you say "I will"
Separate the bitch but you saying "I will"
Damn nigga, shit
Since you but it like that
I'mma lay some right now nigga
And take them straight to the track (track)
I've never let a bitch pimp me
Trying to tell me what to do but I'mma stay O.G.
Fresh out the pen only 30 today (30 today)
And every bitch ? in a multiply ways
Now since world
Why did the little girl walk around with a gold fish in her pocket
So she could smell like the big girl
And check the one with the fast mouth
Just get your money if you have to knock her motherfucking ass.
I don't care whatcha do
Long you don't fuck with mine (C'mon sing ya'll)
You think you can't be touch
Niggas disappear all the time.
Oh blue eyes
Dogg Sinatra
Make a nigga disappear like Jimmy ? (Where is he)
The glock cocker
Hold hopper
Show stopper
Watch your mouth, Watch your mouth
I put you in a freak in a billiard
And separate you from your children (Daddy)
I stay G'd up
All the G's from my set ain't never P-C-up(hahaha)
If you hit the main line
You gonna get stop
Paying motherfuckers off cause sucka duck
Me and my niggas go heart and pain
Putting pain where ain't making bitch niggas pay
It's a clear blue sky there on the Eastside (Eastside)
Throw your set up and wave it from (Rolling) side to c-side
I'm talking big shit
Hold my dick
Banging on u cuz
Nigga this crip.
I got so many tricks up my sleeve (Ah you ain't knowin')
For you hoes to gets with me (Oh to the basement)
You wanna bang let's bang it on (Oh Oh)
We about thousand niggas strong
I don't care whatcha you do (I don't care what the fuck whatcha do)
Long you don't fuck with me (As long you don't fuck with mine)
You think you can't be touch (Uhhhhh)
Niggas disappear all the time.
No, I don't love you, bitch
You a hoe, I never will (Never will)
Can't tell you my feelings
Scratch the fence and don't fell
Bitch, matter fact be gone
Fuck around and how you Mama saying "Baby, he won't"
Talking about he a real pimp
Bitch, It's jumbo lance with proper proper jumbo shrimp
Since I'm prepare with my hoe
Got it cracking with my hoe
Study macking with my hoe
Now I'm stacking with my hoe.
I pop a bottle of Mo
About to model a hoe
I'm working them, serving 'em and breaking a ? (You know)
Did the weed, man get in
Take it too long
But when he get it dogg
I'm taking us off (Give it up nigga)
Niggas know how D-O-double G "does it"
Known for making that crip hop music
Don't abuse
Just ride to the rhythm of a pimp ass, upper class, cold motherfucker.
(Humming )
Long you don't fuck with mine
You think you can't be touch
Niggas disappear all the time.
(Humming)
(Fuck 'em)
Damn this shit sound low then motherfucker in my earphones.
Alright, yeah that's it right there nigga.
As soon as the bass hits your dome
Snoop Dogg grabs the chrome
And gets in your system
Shootin off rhymes like a pistol
Fuckin your click off with this blow
This hoe, that hoe make me rich
Snoop Dogg please won't you break that biach
I'm back in the game gettin my dough
And fuck any motherfucker that say it ain't so
Do it to em be young
Cause on the real dogg you the hardest nigga we um
We shakin em off, breakin em off
Shot him in his face and now they takin him off
Here's a shoutout to those with quad out
Fool we should have got out, now you gettin popped out
I'm not out to diss but to get my chips
And smash, pass with cash
And blaze the spliff now pass the fifth
For real nigga did you hear me, ya heard
You ran up and got served, ha ha
Now ain't that a trip (what what)
You need to get up off of that bullshit
C'mon
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Young beast to four green
Dirty or clean nigga the money is all green
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Cock it back ya know me
Every nigga look the same behind a stocking cap
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Shit on waisted
Rather see death then be locked down in metal bracelets
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Don't make a difference
Niggas in the hood is still broke and can't fix it
Fuck em, the scene is set (set)
And it's a million bitch niggas bout to straight get wet
I walk em all in the street
Fuck em, I cuff they hands and blind they eyes and hog tie they feet
Fuck em, with no remorse nigga cut em down
Love the way we shut em down, shit it ain't funny now
Used to be my buddy pal, nigga wet and bloody now
Nigga where your homies now, half them niggas funny style
Fuck em, it's bout to get shitty now
Doggy bout to get him now cause you better sit him down
Nigga what up now, you act like a bitch
You bound to get fucked you trick ass snitch
Fuck em, boy we on a rampage
Rippin up this damn stage, yeah it's still a G thang
Slammin doors, slappin hoes
Cuz fuck videos, I get a hundred for shows
If you ain't got the papers
I ain't got the time to sit and chat about the motherfucking vapors
Biach, don't even trip
You need to raise up off of that bullshit
C'mon
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Young beast to four green
Dirty or clean nigga the money is all green
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Cock it back ya know me
Every nigga look the same behind a stocking cap
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Shit on waisted
Rather see death then be locked down in metal bracelets
(Fuck 'em, fuck 'em)
Don't make a difference
Niggas in the hood is still broke and can't fix it
(Fuck 'em)
Another smoke session up in this motherfucker
Blaze some shit up for me Q
Yea, wussup Dogg, this is whut I'm talkin bout
Some of that gangsta shit (Eastside)
Shuttin these niggas up (Shut em up shut em up dogg)
Westcoast nigga, Quik and Snoop Dogg (Forever)
9-9 nigga
When I wake up in the morning and I get up out my bed
I feel good, o yes I do
Cause I still can give it up for you
Cause we're all a little strong
In the Beach, where the paper's long
But as for me
I only G when I'm buss'n rocks
Dogg Pound
Nigga, you know you gotta have heart
I told you niggas from the start
If I'm still in it, I'm in it for life
Always stay down and keep my motha fuckin' game tight
Cause ever since Elementary, or was it Pre-school Quik?
I was a motha fuckin' fool
I had to have papers it was routine
A young nigga on a mission for them collard greens
I, shake niggas
Break Niggas
Make niggas, shank theyselves
For fuckin with my wealth (nigga)
And it'll catch on
Cause if it don't, it's on
And, cuzz, I ain't even slippin' when I'm all alone
Sittin' back loungin' in the Chronic Zone
Clown me ya gone
Surround me, it's on
Get the money you're gone
My niggas' paper so long
They call him Snoop Capone
So if you want me, get me, got me
Should have shot him
But now they call me Snoop Gotti
And that's all I LBC
Betta yet, that's all I DPGC
I'm slappin' bones
In front of my home
Choppin' game on the phone
Smokin' a zone
Big 6, big 5-3's with ya bitches
My girls in the kitchen, cookin' up some fish and
I'm blastin' at this nigga that was trippin'
O, knuckle head nigga, thought I was slippin'
But I wasn't slippin', I was on deck
I blast his ass, peck peck now his shirt's wet
Dead, gone, light's out
With no remorse, I had to take him out
I'm laughin' at this shit cause it was funny
Fuckin' with the dogg I take your life and your money
And then I dip to my spot (dip dip)
And set up shop with yo rocks (motha fucka)
And nobody gon' speak on the 8-7
Cause still, all doggs go to heaven
I'm freestylin'
C-stylin'
Snoop and Quik comin' through we fin' to take you to the island
Where the bitches and the bud come free
And everybody listen to the D-O double G
Hoes on my dick, niggas on my nuts
People be lovin' me because I drop cuts
That makes sense, it make big money
See Snoop is that nigga who don't hafta play funny
But I got yo honey, up under my wing
Cause she like the song that the bow-wow sing
I'll put her in a cling
I won't buy her a ring
But I'll put her on the hoe-stroll to make me some green
And even if she never even saw me befo'
There's just no way that she can tell me no
You know my game's unbelievable baby (uh uh, uh uh)
And it's strong enough to make your grandmama pay me
West coast, gangsta shit
My nigga DJ Q
Yea
Like I told y'all
DPG for the 9-9
DPG, yea Top Dogg, fo sho'
Smoke y'all
You want 'em? I got 'em.. drippin like water
Uh! (the candy man!) E-40!
Sticky icky! Snoop Dogg!
DPG, MC Eiht, Goldie Loc
E-40! Yeah...
Talk to 'em nephew (the candy man!)
Come on..
Narcotics is the death merchant, shipping and handling yolla I supply
Time to get up and wipe the eye boogers out my eye (out my eye!)
What y'all tryna buy pimpin y'know it's kinda dry!
Yeah, I only gotta couple of pies left that'll last me through the year
Doula, (ewwww!) ice cream caaandy! (What it do?)
Man that shit be comin in haaandy!
(Ewwww!) It's real walkie talkie (What else?)
I got that from the DB's, my cousin.. work dirty!
If you want 'em I got 'em, you hoping to cop it, you better be about yo' grit! (grit!)
Devour any cowards, sours slippery at the lip (lip!)
Beast up, suck up to none, don't be no sucker (sucker!)
Be a block monster, be a reputable motherfucker (motherfucker!)
(Ewwww!) Real mash with my Spanish (Spanish!)
If ain't about no gouda, potna you can vanish
(Ewwww!) Don't get put up in yo' place
Give me 40 feet and an ounce of space
You want 'em? I got 'em.. drippin like water
Sticky icky icky! Ahh, ahh!
You know I got that candy.. yeah!
Boss Dogg, Snoopy D O dub
Trip.. check game
Now-A-Later's, gum drops, jelly beans
Lollipops and triple beams
Blue carpet, yeah that's the treatment
Candy so sweet, got everybody eatin it
Bigg Snoop Dogg, I'm the star of this
So gone on and get yourself a bar of this
No change man.. gimme the bucks
The kinda candy I sell they call it deez nutz
(DEEZ NUTZ!!!) I'm almond with the caramel insides
You were playin front end with the french fries
How it feel man? What it look like?
I'm in your neighborhood, pullin on some Bud Light
Sweet and sticky, take it out the wrapper
Now put it in your mouth
To the beat of the drum, it'll be fun
and I bet you can't just eat one (Candy!)
Oh... candy! You want it, we got it, we got it!
Heh heh.. yeah! MC Eiht... Goldie Loc
War Zone.. who got that candy?
Come on...
I'm in the hood with the six-trey candy paint
Lil' somethin to chunk, make the hoes all faint
If you know when to beep, jump my baby rate
When I grip round her butt, I hold her steady
Yeah.. she my one and only
Quick to keep back haters who don't know me
I... feel... good about candy (Candy!)
My gangstas understand me
Shake it baby, don't break it baby, now can you make it clap? (clap!)
Tryna fit this work in your gap (gap!)
Drop it like it water pagoda, get my hustle on
I get it from you then I step on you to bubble on
It's gettin sweeter than a sugar cane
Here come that sugar daddy, black, rollin on gold thangs
Fo'shigiddy, he turned it into somethin, boy
'Cause I can't leave this filthy game without my Almond Joy (Candy!)
Ooohhhwwweee! Heh heh heh, yeah!
It's so tasty! Aiyyo Daz! Kurupt!
DPG! I know y'all got that candy man!
Gimme some of that candy man
Talk to me one time! For real, for real...
"It's like candy, candy!"
Get it how you want it
Whip it, twist it, pop your whip up on the corner
While I, taadow, check out this bizarre
The D-A-T the N-I double G, the D-A-Z
Again it's up in the wind, feel the breeze for shit
God damn! You already know who I am
Chrome on chrome, blue on blue, frost colors switches
Hit the gas, hit the brake, y'all really burn rubber?
Dip, drop, drop, dip
Stop, dip, ghost ride the whip!
Yeah, nigga.. shot caller
It's America's number one baller
Man I don't give a fuck.. like, "Fuck it"
High riders.. slide in the bucket
Little momma all up on a nigga like a coat
I got the perfect thang that'll coat her throat (Candy!)
Candy! So tasty.. candy, candy!
Yeah! Ha ha! Yeah nigga, we got that candy man
We don't sell it at the liquor store either man
We sell it everywhere we go
Holla, holla! (Candy!)
Three thousand motherfuckin pieces, you understand me?
I wish a motherfucker would come in this motherfucker
If I see Suge right now, I'd tell him, "Hey, how you doin Suge?"
I didn't even know you were standing there nigga
My bad!
Yeah.. brand new Snoop Dogg (Snoop Dogg)
Somethin' to crack the new year off, ya dig?
One for the treble, two for the bass,
Comeon everybody, lets rock this place
One for the treble, two for the bass,
Comeon everybody, lets rock this place
Doggy Dogg, you are the best,
Rock this beat cuz you are so fresh.
Doggy Dogg, you are the best,
Rock this beat cuz you are so fresh.
Will if you insista,
I guess I'll twist her,
But give me a minute while I freak ya sista,
Push the pista,
Up against her,
No offensta, but this pimpin' mista.
Roll ya fist up, or hold ya Crist up,
Light that bitch up, and blow ya syst' up.
This that shit that get ya jive talkin',
East side artist C-Walkin',
People, people, listen closely,
I sing it cuz mostly when ya'll approach me,
Stay low key and keep it OG,
And dont try to burn rubber on me (uh uh)
I loved your movies, you're awesome Snoop. Can I get a flicc witchu?
I buy your records, everything you do. Can I get a flicc witchu? (Really?)
My daughter loves you, she's only two. Can we get a flicc witchu?
Your a handsome fella, your kinda cute. I really wanna get witchu.
Doggy Dogg, you are the best,
Rock this beat cuz you are so fresh.
Doggy Dogg, you are the best,
Take this shit back home to tha West.
Well Lyssa Brisna, in San Francisca,
The cute lil sista with the fever blista,
Said that I dissed her,
Cuz I wouldnt kiss her,
But I got her a picture and said I'd holla back witcha,
Hey, they say I'm like Mr. Bigsta,
All these bullshit moves that missed us,
Divide and twist us,
Revive, relist us,
Remind my listenas cuz Im a minista,
Designed by ministas,
Cuz these times is sinistas,
But im gonna finish tha grindin til its done,
Knives and silly clubs,
Hos and fake thugs,
Pimps, players, and all of the above.
One for the treble, two for the bass,
Comeon everybody, lets rock this place
One for the treble, two for the bass,
Comeon everybody, lets rock this place
Oooooooooh weeeeee! Yeah,
Thats bangin', loco.
For shizzle. Where was I?
Oh yes,
Spittin and flipped ya,
Thumbin thru scriptures,
Straighten ya dentures,
Pigs wont pinch us,
Wenches miss us and they wanna french kiss us,
Pack the pistas,
Twist the twistas,
Roll with me on this Dogg adventure,
But you cant enta,
Without ya credentias,
And if ya get in, you might get a picture,
So shit ya shit down, go and get down,
Cuz Huggy Bear is comin to yo town.
You dont wanna miss this,
This just like christmas,
So make ya wish list,
And go and flicc this. (Preach!)
Go VIP with big D-O-G,
And see how gangstas do,
Once we get witcha we cant take pictures,
We came too far witchu,
Go VIP with big D-O-G,
And see what gangstas do,
Once we get witcha we cant take pictures,
We came too far witchu.
Pharrell, on the dillydo,
Follow the bouncin' ball,
Say who do ya call?
Who do ya call?
Oh, who do ya call?
Pharrell, on the dillydo,
Follow the bouncin' ball, baby.
Who do ya call?
Who do ya call? (Buuuuuurn me up!)
Burn itttt uppp,
Keepin ya hot, the spot, hot,
Burn itttt uppp,
Shake what ya got, ya got alot,
Burn itttt uppp,
Keepin ya hot, the spot, hot,
Burn itttt uppp,
Shake what ya got, ya got alot..
I'm a man I gotta take care of my family
Fighting these precious in my life
I know my mind should be on shining and getting Grammies
But these streets won't say a goodbye
I can't say goodbye
To the blocks
Goodbye
To the hood
Goodbye
To the streets (to my problems)
I can't say goodbye
To the hood
Goodbye
To the blocks
Goodbye
To the streets
I can't say goodbye goodbye
To the blocks
Goodbye
To the streets
Goodbye
To the hood
I can't say goodbye
To the hood
Goodbye
To the blocks
Goodbye
To the homies
I guess it's true, you can't take the hood out a homeboy
Plus, my hood just lost another homeboy
Another one got life, and we don't know, if he coming home boy
They in the street tell me "just leave it alone boy,
Let them do them take care of your own boy"
But I said back brake a bound, before I was drome boy
You had dreams of being a dope boy
Yeah, I was runnin' from the po po
Banging for the truth, late night huntin'
Puttin' me in work, good day comin', airbrush, shirt,
Pay day, get the spot, got my hair cut first
Made mom sick when I wouldn't go to church
Yeah I live in the burbs, but I think 21st
I know since I left that it's gotten much worse
But I'd still be there, if I couldn't write a verse
To the the blocks that raise me, the enemies and the homies that made
Me, tough enough to hang on the corners that would moul me
Critics wonder if I'm tryna be the old me,
But if the thing the old me ever left, then they don't really know me,
And don't know, we don't change, we just become OG, you always addicted
To the life, you just don't OD, I owe the streets before they owe me
Took me in when my momma didn't want me, to wild to be a child, and cops
Not around now, all I got now is the homies, to teach me, how to be a man
In what not, how to brake ounces in the grams ??
The reason I'm so nice with my hands ?? shit, you think I forgot, man
Thank good every day that the boy could spit
And all around the world they enjoyin' my shit
I know I got plenty more awards to get
I got a, beautiful wife and some gorgeous kids
But it wouldn't be right if I ignore the shit
They made me how I am, the music in the man
Told me that I can for the world gave a damn
If it wasn't for my shit, they sayin' stick to the plan
Probably be a gun instead of a pen in my hand
Probably be doin' a dub and the pin with my man
The say leaders streets but they don't really understand
All I had was the block, when I didn't have fans
Wrapped on the corners when I couldn't get spins
All I had was the homies when I didn't have kids
If it all come down and my carrier was to end, I'm sure my name
Would live.. in the streets
I just can't say goodbye
I can't say goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
I can't say goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
I can't say goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
I can't say goodbye
Goodbye
Goodbye
You can take the man out the streets,
But you can't take the streets out the man
Niggas, get your milla genuine draft, cause its milla time, we about to go hard on these hoes on
this one right here.
Can you control your hoe? (You got a bitch that wont do what you say)
You can’t control your hoe? (She hardheaded, she just won’t obey)
Can you control your hoe? (You’ve got to know what to do, and what to say)
You’ve got to put that bitch in her place, even if it’s slapping her in her face.
Ya got to control your hoe. Can you control your hoe?
I went to your house; your girl came in and started cussing you out. You should have slapped her
in her face, I wanted to tell you, but it wasn’t my place. I kept it on the low, cause I know you
was gonna check that hoe. But instead, you was quiet as a mouse, maybe you started to think it
wasn’t your house. Cause she was acting like a nut, you got a kind of bitch that would kick your
butt. What kind of pimp holds back? Never met a bitch that a pimp can’t slap, whats wrong with
the pimpin’? Why you get a whippin’? All I got to say is this:
This is what you made me do; I really didn’t want to put hands on you. But bitch you playin’
with fire, i'm so sick and tired, of loud mouth bitches like you, a nigga had to go and put tips
on you, cause bitch you playin’ with fire, i'm so sick and tired.
This is what you forced me to do, I really didn’t want to put hands on you, but bitch you
playin’ with fire, i'm so sick and tired. Of bitches like you, a nigga had to go and put tips on
you, bitch you playin’ with fire, I’m so sick and tired.
(No: can you control your hoe? At the end.)
Can we get a motherfuckin moment of silence, for the small chronic break?
A-hah, niggaz be brown-nosing these hoes and shit.
Takin bitches out to eat, and spendin money on these hoes, knowhatI'msayin?
I treat a bitch like 7-Up I never have I never well
I tell a bitch like this
Bitch, you without me is like Harry Melvin without Bluenotes
You'll never go platinum
Hey Daz, give me a light nigga
I had seen a lot of niggers come up in this game
But never did they make the look so good
From candy cars to bright yellow bras
The gangster white walls and the wood
You see, there comes a time in a man's life
Where you gotta choose the goods of the game
Oh, but it so hard to turn your back on a place
Where everybody knows your name
It's a cold game, I ain't been one to
Jump in and out of the range
Maybe an old school synagogue
Spinnin' the vision from which I faint
You got to do it, you can, gotta keep rhymin'
East Side High enjoyin' life, hair blowin' in the wind
The state that I'm in is gangster bliss
This is what you're callin' a sis
Passin' them off quick, memories missed
I made a lot of friends, a whole lot of money
Been down a couple times, but it never stopped my rhymin'
In fact, I got better, clutchin' on Beretta's
Blowin' a sticky, turn it to whether
A war shows in dough free lobos, this is how a player roll
And I never be questioned by some new young chump
Poppin' their toss, Snoopy D.O. made the way for you to walk
Owe it to the almighty, without you it couldn't be done
Your praise put the rise of the son, you dig?
Hold closer my hands from my throne
And I never be crucified within my own zone
Here is a very good reason to show love
But you gotta separate grown man from grown thug
From mamas goin' down for murder in '93
To keys all over the city bowlin' in Snoops league
I changed, I got smarter, I got a daughter
Two sons, beautiful wife for starters
I did it all, Jack, poppin' this peas
Eatin' international cuisine overseas, yeah
Don't judge me, you only knew Snoopy
You never tried to know Calvin, you tried to groove me up
Like some loco, I earned my respect
Did so much shit for the Coast, I should get a check
But all in all, I did it, B, cool as a blind with a C
Leveled my life as I push away the groupies
Snoopin' in a coopin', you can call me Uncle Snoopy
Don't worry about your circumstances
Take your chances, still from the B, L, B, C
For you are the C
Haler at you're the Snoopy
Haler at you're the Snoopy
I paid my dues
And now it's time to make a change
Gotta make that move
There's a time and place for everythin'
I paid my dues
And now it's time to make a change
Gotta make that move
There's a time and place for everythin'
I paid my dues
And now it's time to make a change
Gotta make that move
There's a time and place for everythin'
I paid my dues
And now it's time to make a change
Gotta make that move
There's a time and place for everythin'
Don't worry about your circumstances
Take your chances, still from the L B C
For you are the C
Haler at you're the Snoopy
Haler at you're the Snoopy
Come on man, Eastsidaz
Eastside...
Infamous Mobb
Infamous Mobb Deep
Out the muthafuckin depths in New York, its P
You couldn't get close enough to even touch the kid
If you did,you wouldn't get far enough to bag
I put my guns to work on your bitch ass
Hold up, niggas fuckin up the game
Put my name in statements, cooperating wit these and talkin
Fuck it, I'll still buck em and gamble wit my freedom
These niggas gon learn to respect the P-Dub
I don't take no shit off of nobody
No nigga, no bitch, lets get rich and party
Lets not test my gangsta, thats how you get bodied
Thats how hearts get took, pride get damaged
Lives is shedded, fuckin wit these east side niggas
We teach y'all niggas bout this murder shit
We got Tray Deee, Goldie Loc, Hav and P
Kokane, wit my nigga Snoop D-O-G-G
Big hitters, wig splitters, give niggas the blues
Fools loud mouth we all about spittin them tools
From the coast of the locs were the Gs was born
And we raise up B.G.s to keep it goin
In the alleys, not the valleys, killa Cali the zone
Long Beach bringin heat takin off when its on
Fuck pretty, come gritty when we bring the noise
Big boys play wit keeps when we bring the toys
Wet T-shirts, we search to put in work, cuz
Come back for ya homies as you gettin ya dirt dug
Congregatin, operatin Gs and hustlas
You other muthafuckas can't concieve our structures
The DPGC, the M-O-B-B, stricly east side and we ride on G.P.
Bandanas, hoodies, timbos and chucks
Stay mashin on bustas not givin a fuck
Eastsidaz and Mobb Deep
We connected
From the West to the East
Connected
Oh what you got beef?
Connected
Run up on ya while ya sleep
Stay connected
My nephews play wit keeps
We connected
From the West to the East
Connected
Blast ya ass in the streets
We connected
Eastsidaz&Mobb Deep
Stay connected
For life
Yeah
Connect wit my dogs be that serious shit
Serious things when M-O-B and sidaz bang
Ice and chains, be best that you hide those thangs
And pressure to that ass we apply those thangs
Told you fucks before, when it rains it pours
Its a cold ,cold, cold world nigga its Doggy Dogg
Better walk or crawl(for real), cause on the real homeboy
Fuck around and you'll be up in the morgue
Moms praisin the lords, rev paintin the picture
Of a wise young man who didn't get the picture
We keep it gangsta nigga, don't get it twisted nigga
Cross me nigga, you'll wind up a missin nigga
QB and we trully, rep for ours
Wars and scars, bitches in a gang of whips
When it came to this game though we changed the shit
And fuck who you wit, its what you up in the club but yo
Uzis, AKs, Glock 40s and Tech 9s
Tryna take mines, you'll be a dead muthafucka
Come up short, wit yo life on support
Burnin rubber down the street in a black super spoke
Fo' pokes to the neck, five sticks to the dome
Gun powder on my clothes when I smacked him in his nose
Real talk, show you how to walk the walk
All black all times when I scheme and stalk
Its somethin about bein a cold blooded killa
I'm bananas my nigga, like a black ass guerilla
I'm G'd up, smokin all the muthafuckin weed up
Drinkin on a full cup nigga
Yeah, defintely connected
How you love that?
Uh, like I said you can't spell the West wit out the ES
East side up eastsidaz
From QB to the LB
You see what I see and G how I G
Feel me?
Eastsidaz, duces and trayz the old fashioned way
Alchemist...
Uh, yeah-yay
Brothers is wack by popular demand
Chasin fame and girls livin they life on cruise control
But tell me; what do it profit a man
to gain a whole world livin trife but then lose his soul?
I'm here to wake my peoples up from they dreamin
Kill every demon and snakes that make, even feds steamin
Even though my star gleamin man my life ain't trouble-free
Homie take it from me, Snoopy D-O-double-G
It's no better people who have left the problems of today
Leavin to conclude that for their life is not the way
But every problem has an answer, and if yours you cannot find
You can talk it over to Him, He'll give you piece of mind
When you feel your life's too harrr-arrrrrd
Just go have a talk with Go-ooooood
Heyyyyyyeahhhheyyyy
So much drama on the ave, the copper just laughed
Man the West is wild, that old hit was wrong
Cause out here, momma don't have, and poppa don't have
As God blessed the child that can go get his own
And we struggle hard suffer long, I'm feelin like this life is a trip
Tryin to keep our hearts pure through the sins
But the race ain't to the swift or the strong, the wise or the rich
But to them they can endure to the end and win
When you feel your life's too harrr-arrrrrd
Just go have a talk with Go-ooooood... yeahhhheyyyy
Out here the only free psychiatrist, that's known throughout the world
Is fall in love by walks of all men and women, it's all boys and girls
When you feel your life's too harrr-arrrrrd
Just go have a talk with Go-ooooood
Whether it's soldiers on the cell block or homies on the run
With God, man ain't no obstacles that you can't overcome
When you feel your life's too harrr-arrrrrd
Just go have a talk with Go-ooooood
You're so frustrated, worryin 'bout your bread
And some mornings, you don't even wanna get out the bed
When you lose too much too baaaaaaad
Just go talk to God and prayyyyy
And you's a good women, but you can't understand
why it seems like you ain't never gon' find yourself a good man
When you feel your life's too HARRR-ARRRRRD
Just go have a talk with Go-ooooood
Mothers on welfare or ladies that's strippin
You under so much pressure, feel like your sanity's slippin
When you feel your life's too harrr-arrrrrd!
Just go have a talk with Go-ooooood, hmmm
He'll never never let you down
You know that, don't you Snoop?
You know I know it Uncle Steven
Oh I know that too, we know it
Yeah we do
Thanks a lot man
Nah thank you man I appreciate that, you know I love you
And I love you for what you sayin
God bless you
And you can catch me down on my knees, askin the Lord please
Even Jes' pray, hey, with difficulty comes ease
There's disease, poverty, congestion or oppression
I'm askin for your protection and thanking you for your blessing
Confession is good for the soul, that's how I'm tryna roll
Be one of the greats, see the Pearly Gates now that's the goal
Until then, forgive my sin if that ain't askin too much
Now that's tabernacle, chuuuch!
Just yesterday I had to turn a bitch away
I got to many on my side - I got to many in my face
Come ride with me
Take you where the gangstas play
Often heard but seldom seen
Thats the way that its supposed to be
When you do see me
Mobbin wit a gangsta lean
Got a piece by my side
You can ride baby close your eyes girl
I'm so cool
Cool.....cool.....cool.....cool.....cool.....cool.....cool
It's me I'm back again
It's never gonna end
I know y'all heard it all before
I just gotta give ya more
Catch me rollin in the night
If I turn off my lights
The eastsidaz in the game
You hear my voice and know my name
You should bang this down on your block
All through your hood
Burnin trees...burnin trees
Ladies let the music run right through you
Just like I'll do - Butch Cassidy
I'm so cool I that I sweat ice cubes when I'm heated up
Take this move, this groove and still G it up
Stroll so slow you swore my leg was broke
Pimpin hoes down south, back east to west coast
Im Tracy Dee but think of me as mr. freeze
Gangsta leanin on the scene on them twisted deez
Big ballin mad doggin like a gangsta ride
As I exit I step with my stacey shine
I'm so cool but motherfcukers know I'm a fool
Ten times outta ten catch me toaten the tool
Laid back or stay strapped for pay back
To think that I'm slippin then crippin from way back
Now let me break it down a notch
Smooth like I do when I pound the cock
We cold motherfuckas holdin down the block
Everybody knowin that tha dogg pound is hot
We so cool now
If everybody turn there radios on at twelve o'clock
We'll make the world pop
It's too good right now
Blunkey blunkey
Remmey remmey
Plenty gumbo
Snoop gimme some mo'
Swakin that like a damn fool
Acedemics stacey adams feelin way to cool
Theres alot things that make me wanna frown though
But I'm grinnin like a motherfucka
Throwin dogg pound up
Snappin my fingaz stompin my feet
It's what you get from a gangsta with these hard ass beats
I'm cool as fuck and don't say to much
Talk shit to the homies cuz they know whats up
As the gangstas go dead diggle my niggle
Still got patience still makin niggaz
I just wanna be myself
What I receive from the homies is help
We had a conversation today about who aint pitchin in
Keep suckas away that don't fit in
I'm so cool
I got a penthouse in Manhattan
Two more in Malibu
I bought an 87 Cadillac Seville
I got a Maserati too
I wear diamonds on my fingers
A couple on my toes,
I wear the finest cologne money can buy
It keeps me smellin’ like a rose
If u wonderin’ how I do it
There’s just one simple rule...I’m just cool (cool)
Honey baby cant you see...I’m just cool (cool)
Aint nobody bad like me
what’s that spell? (C-O-O-L)
what’s the spell? (C-O-O-L)
I might dine in San Francisco
Dance all night in Rome
I go any freakin’ place I want to
And my lear jet brings me home
I got ladies by the dozen
I got money by the ton
Just aint nobody better
Heaven knows that I’m the one
Its all because of something
That I didn’t learn in school,
Im just cool (cool)
Honey baby cant you see...I’m soo cool (cool)
Aint nobody bad like me
what’s that spell? (C-O-O-L)
what’s that spell? (C-O-O-L)
and im cool im just cool (cool,cool,cool)
im just cool im just cool cool cool
when I look into the mirror
theres just something I already know
im just cool(cool)
Honey baby cant you see...I’m just cool (cool)
Aint nobody bad like me
Spell it (C-O-O-L)
Whats that spell? (C-O-O-L) cool
Sing it baby cool
Whats that spell? (cool)
"Black folks can't never have no fun!"
These streets beeeee walking down the avenue
(Crazy!) From Hollywood to South Central!
These streets beeeee.. crazy!
Long Beach to Comptoooon!
Always up to no good! Craaaaaaaa
(Crazy!) Crazy..
Always up to no good!
Van Nuys to Santa Ana, crazy
(Crazy!)
Have a look outside and take a stroll with me
California lifestyle, you wanna roll with me?
I can take you in and out and where it's gonna be
Now as crazy as it is, you know this home for me
I wouldn't never leave it, you know that's wrong of me
I'ma stay down, you see me on them corners G
At your local liquor store, getting some optimums
And if I'm out of bounds then I gotta cock the fo'
Keep it on the low on the W-W-W-West coast
Sign some autographs and then I do get ghost
A-humph.. yeah, I love my folks
But half of y'all fools is cutthroats
On the real no.. the streets'll have you
Guide you, lead you, mislead you, it's fragile
Yeah, see you gradually grow
and when you walking on my side I think you all need to know...
On the 110 Freeway flo', back to the block
In the seven deuce Coupe, hopping hipping the hop
Sipping on some Henn with my nephew Infrared
Young pimp on the grind tryna line up some head
Had fun, did, done, on the West we run
Don't matter where you from, if you old or young
Seesaw we raw like ooohhh-la-la
Fuck the law we don't get caught we just do-da-da
Yeah nigga we shaking the cops
You niggas out there just be making it hot
But don't trip if you faking a lot
I'll break you, shake you, and take yo' spot
Because if you think that you gonna slip through California
without getting banged on.. brother you're wrong
(Always up to no good!) I really love my dog, grew up together and all but he
(Always up to no good!) Hell yeah I love New York
that's why I married the broad but she
(Always up to no good!) We can't hang 'em up 'cause I'm a balla y'all and he
(Always up to no good!) Let me tell you about these streeeets
(Always up to no good!)
I'm tired of that punk shit
Where niggaz claim to done, where they from and who run shit
I bang it to the tip-top
Can't stop, won't stop, droppin gangbang hit rocks
To the last drip-drop
To the, tick tock to the blocks niggaz rip glocks
I'm knowin that this shit hot
This your first introduction to this motherfuckin crip hop
It's time to research the documents and pull some files
and put it down with this gangsta style
Cause I be seein niggaz bein more aggressive now
after peace treaty meetings and the weapons down
Sport Chucks 'member once it was Nikes and sandals
To me it's unlikely that you're sheisty and skanless
To manage this dramaticness I call my rep
Every step stay on deck keepin bustaz in check
Certified murder guide through the streets of death
Where the sleep ya slip soon as ya weakness met
From that real killer deal get ya steal and mash
Niggaz have done did when the steel'll blast
Pockets filled with cash, fuck a Benz or Jag
Lookin rough in a bucket, tuckin tens and Macs
Dip roam, chip phones, flip (?) and clock
Lick shots and the cops and control your block
Keep it true with the crew from the old to new
Ride providin 'em with guidance like your 'sposed to do
Notice who, participatin all the activity
That's how we livin G, strictly killer tendencies
So death to all my enemies
And to the homies who rest in peace, a dub bag and Hennessy
These weak niggaz killin me
with their proclivity to even proclimate that they as real as me
Yeah nigga this crip, crip, crip
Talk shit and I'ma bust yo' lip
I'm gettin chips in the summer in a nine-six Hummer
in D.C., fuckin with a breezy, easy
See we see all we can see
G.R. we can G, the Eastside family
Coherent, cohesive, the co-pilot
On this Eastside shit cuz, I'm co-signin
On the East fuck peace we ridin violent
Fuck where you been it's all about where I been
Sirens, gunshots, flood glocks get popped
when they all try to knock knock knock
Who is it - visit the papers, the streets and the labels
We got the hottest shit burnin on the turntables
I won't deny ya, I'm a straight rider
and you don't wanna fuck with me (yeh yeh)
C.. R.. I.. P.. cause that's all we G
I'm from Rollin', 20, Gangsta Crip
and I'ma tell you how the shit gon' C (gon' C)
Now if I wasn't rappin motherfucker y'all be starvin
on my nuts without bucks like Marvin
You can't sleep, you can't eat, look who starvin
Written bill paid but still gotta be a slave
Flip your own money, make your own proper
Get yo' own heat, in case some niggaz try to stop ya
Be a boss hog about your money, float loc
And trust no one, anybody can get smoke smoked
like a fat-ass blunt, of that bomb shit
Have a babysitter set that ass up for chip Chips Ahoy!
Niggaz ran in with toys
If you didn't see 'em it's the Eastside boys
We be mobbin, like a motherfuckin cut
Dirty dealt, lil' sag, lil' jay, lil' Chuck
Two times, trey times on yo' motherfuckin ass
Keep it O.G. nigga, rewind and pass
It's just another day and forty dozen, niggaz strugglin
Is you hustlin, do you relate to drug smugglin?
If so, grab a nine and start to trip
But remember, don't let nobody punk you out yo' grip nigga
Dogg Pound groovin, Eastside is the greatest
and other guys can't fade us
cause we're the hardest in the town
(?) and duces, never could be faded
And all you suckers hate it
Ohh crip is goin down
And baby have no doubt, we gonna turn it out
And that's on Eastside L.B.C.
And we're the best, we rockin coast to coast
and we be blowin dope, and baby that's the shit
I'm talkin real shit to ya baby (that real crip shit)
Duces 'n trayz bangin (that real crip shit)
I'm talkin real shit to ya baby (that real crip shit)
Duces 'n trayz, bangin bangin bangin bangin (THAT CRIP!)
Oooh!  Yeah, that Eastsider shit (Eastside Eastside)
What y'all know about this here (what what wha-wha-what?)
I'm (I'm) tal..king.. crip shit (talk to me, talk to me)
I'm.. tal..king.. crip shit
I'm talking crip shit to you baby
Eastside.. ahh!  Eastside, Eastside
Ahh.. Eastside, Eastside!
Uhh, ahh.. Eastside, Eastside
Those Hollywood nights
They drive me crazy
Those Hollywood nights
They drive me crazy
Huh, it's like that that there
They love it when I let down my hair
from Jessica Alba to Jessica Simpson
even Jessica Biel wanna know how I feel
So I let 'em all come to my back table
Roll up and lick the paper if they able
Bottles of everything, models and everything
Everything goes and yes I mean everything
Cocaine castles, I ain't sniffin'
But baby that plate in that one movie is trippin'
So, I invite her over to my party
Blonde hair, long legs, a real live Barbie
No autographs, I ain't signin' now
Act like you been around a boss, bitch settle down
My life is like one big highlight
Welcome to the motherfuckin' Hollywood night life
Those Hollywood nights
They drive me crazy
Those Hollywood nights
They drive me crazy
Every night I'm in the limo, Excursion
With some whites, some asians and persians
They flirtin', and I'm certain they suckin'
One night with the Dogg and it's curtains
She say she wanna be an actress
So I pointed to these nuts and then I yelled ACTION!
Take one, take two, now cut
Now turn around, and let the homie Damani fuck
Huh, yeah, here we go again
I gotta go behind the club just to get in
They say I'm just too much commotion
All the yellin' and screamin' and pushin', oh yes I got 'em open
I'm in the back of the club gettin' a backrub
Smokin' with one of the Marley's, "One Love"
I'm higher than gas, refusin' to pass
Hollywood Night School my nigga join my class, c'mon
Those Hollywood nights
They drive me crazy
Those Hollywood nights
They drive me crazy
Meet me at the Roosevelt, bass cabana room
I'm on Sunset (where you at?) at The House of Blues
I just stepped in for a quick cameo
Me and Leonardo DiCaprio
He keep a bad hoe, I keep a bad hoe
He slide me new hoes everywhere we go
Oh the life, night after night, flight after flight
Yes, these Hollywood nights
Will have a nigga burnt out, some hoes turned out
You know it's pimpin' when you see the Dogg permed out
Cameras flashin', police passin'
Every little model wanna give me some action
So I let 'em kick it, then I let 'em lick it
Get some m_nage, durin' every visit
I wouldn't leave it, even if they paid me
The L.B. raised me and Hollywood is crazy
Those Hollywood nights
They drive me crazy
Those Hollywood nights
They drive me crazy
High school nigga
And they're tryin to get the smoke outta the booth
But their not doing a good job
Ohhh, oh, oh, oh, oh ohh
My grades gettin low
But I'm still gettin high
It might seem slow
But time still goin byyyy
Hey
Oh and I forgot to mention
My girlfriends trippin
And my homies ain't acting the same
Well as long as there's papers and grinders
I'm taking my time and Imma roll my weed
And take one to the brain
One more yeah I'm always puffin
Yea I stay baked cause nigga I love it
Had nothin, but now I'm stuntin
Tell em roll something cause nigga it's nothn
Niggas gettin mad cause my pockets swollen
And everywhere I go yea I'm loaded
You know my money been kinda funny
But I'm still gettin fly
And uhm I don't got the best wheels
But the hoes still jump inside
Oh and I forgot to mention
My bestfriends trippin
Me I'm doing all that I can
But as long I stay on my grind
There's gonna be haters outsiders
Tryin to take my shine
And now their part of the plan
I guess if you insist I will
I'm a twister feel mista feel good to ya
I got it if ya need it and you kno I will
And this is after school so we gon go until
The janitor, handed her, a pack of that
Righteously she brought it all back to mac
So I'm a do it back to back, got her fat
Bags are packed, posted by the cafeteria
Eatin on a snack, boy I make it crack-a-lack
Days goin to my nights, live a young wild life
King of the zoo
Devon what it do
Knockin all trees down, devin mac with the sac
Rollin up with knees down, baby girl ease down
It's a holiday, we smokin pot today
I got alot to say, I keep it locked away
That's how it is
Dealin with the pressures of my school life
Livin on the edge, joints to the head
And so the man said...
you make me say
oh
you make me say
I’m from the East Coast but I’m falling so hot a nigger got me crib walking
I’m from the suburbs but it's that good you make a good girl wanna get to the hood
you make me say
so good got me speaking different languages
is you alive
like a side du
all I wanna do is like be inside you
ride you
try to find you
fill you
revive you
going with your bad self baby cause I do adore
and I give you more
put it on you all the time you know me a more
we got for sure, pure, alivea lore
don’t trip I ain't leaving you for
Jake got Beyonce I got Shante
with no entree that's my baby
you know the thing about
when I bring em out feels so good I had to sing about
get it get it now
we flying out of town checking in the suite
pedicure on my feet
Miss Bow Wow queen of the town
hey yo Jaz tell em how I put it down
is it the way you look
is it the way you walk
is it the way you cook
is it the way you talk
I think it's all of the above
no play time in the day time making love
kids go to school
we can act a fool
skinny dip in the pool
do it real smooth
Miss Bow Wow queen of the town
hey yo Jaz tell em how I put it down
hey baby
oh oh oh oh
you got me going outta my head
oh oh oh oh oh
you got me saying thing I don't understand
ladies, if your man make you say, he hear to stay, he's hear to stay
oh oh yes I am
this my plan
you my girl, I’m your man
take your pain
take my hand
take my name
make my kids
do your thing
ain't no game
show no shame
if I'm the boss, boss lady must be your name
so I got you got 2 1 2
put your face on my back brand new tattoo
20 year in the game what love won't do
a lot of women want me but I want you
you look cute when you smile so I renewed our vows
nowadays I ain't moving that wow
I changed my style it might happen to you
what gotten to me shit I gotten to you
and start raping about things like love and being true
now maybe we could make another baby or two
you make me say
so good got me speaking different languages
I wanna see you working baby, you’re my dirty dancer
You’re my dirty dancer
You’re my dirty dancer
You’re my dirty dancer
You’re my, you’re my dirty dancer
You’re my dirty dancer
you’re my dirty dancer
you’re my dirty dancer
That’s my dirty girl, she do her dirty dance
She get dirty money, for her dirty man
She give me everything, she take her dirty chance
She say I’m something new, not like her other man
Well let me do the thinking, this what I recommend
My nigger money talk that’s what she comprehend
Say that sad story, you hear them violins?
And for a tall glass of Landy, here it is
She living in my lap, just like a two for one
See that’s the fact, couple of stacks, she gonna leave with one
Shoot that weak gang, like a bb gun
And watch her do her thang, oh she gonna get it done
This girl body out the game, she a home run
She my dirty dancer, I owe her one
System overload, brain overdone, it’s Big Snoop Dogg,
Go on sing it Trey Songz
You know money aint a thang, I love the way you working it
Drinks on me cause I love the way you twerkin’ it
Tell me is you ready? What’s your answer shorty?
You’re my dirty dancer
You’re my dirty dancer
The cash on deck, what you working with
Face down, ass up
From the club to the crib, you know what it is
You’re my, you’re my dirty, you’re my dirty dancer
She my dirty dancer, this her favorite song
And when she at the house, when she all alone
She in the mirror dancing nasty with no panties on
I see you girl, fantasizing about to set the tone
Can’t wait to put your heels, and stilettos on
I know you’re ready show the world what you really on
Dancing like that, you might need a license
So enticing, dancing while she setting prices
Damn, thats dangerous but lucrative
Do it right, go big and you get super rich
With that fat ass and them super hips
Slow motion mami, we know you the shit
It’s a dirty world so be a dirty chick
And I’ll do them other girls this about chips
Let it take control and make it make sense
Money ain’t a thang, you’re my dirty chick
Girl you know I want it, don’t you want it too
I can do whatever, he was never ever gonna do
Girl your body’s so sick, I just wanna touch you
Take your clothes off and your toes curl up
Do ya body body like nobody never do
Get it like ohhh, do it,
Once we’ve done it, you’ll be feeling like ooooooh
Had a lot of women but nobody like yooou
Girl the way you move
Baby puyt ya tricks on me
And she do it real quick, 6 feet
Get ya red lipstick please
Do ya dirty dance on me
1998, Dogghouse Records steps on the scene
Unlike any other record label, we plan to get green
And keep it clean, and stay oh so mean
So rough so tough, haha
What his here? This for them suckas
Nigga I came from a long line of playas
that ain't scared of NAR' ONE OF Y'ALL MOTHERFUCKERS!!
I see these niggas wanna see me catch a case and get struck out
But I'm laughin', 'bout to knock they ass the fuck out
Bitch quit actin' like a stuck up clown
That's why yo raggety-ass attitude is fucked up now
Suga Freeeeee......hahaha
Bitch swingin' on my dick sayin WEEEEE!
The pimpin' is crackin' so I feel like mackin' tonight (aight)
Now them 70 niggas? 30 gon' hate us
That's why I play the role, keep control
and throw them off wit' these dirty gators
See time was torn
Cuz if I bought me somethin' to eat, shit
I bought you somethin too, WHAT'S MINE IS YOURS!
BUT NOW?! You'd rather bring me down and see me fall
Walkin' wit my head down straight dependin' on y'all
The call me Honcho
I like to Spark-le
I'm 'bout to barbecue a bitch like the charcoal
Am I a star? NO Ya' in my car? NO
My name is Soopafly, bitch so ya' all know
Now heffer don't act stupid, cuz y'know who I am
The nigga quick to talk shit and don't give a damn
I tell that hoe run, man that hoe better scram
I pimp across the land
Better read ya' motherfuckin' press telegram
Snoop Dogg told me that
Now blow me back while I'm pimpin on this funky track
Bang E.S. we givin' it up got the bitches singin' the rest
We blastin' motherfuckers, run up and come test
Better, hide yo chest and fasten yo vest
No bullshit, take yo bitches so quick and so fast (so fast)
Fuck wit' us I'll put a foot up yo ass
Collect calls from the pen, so I catch it in the kitchen
The homie say, send him naked pictures of bitches
And if they talkin' backwards, he'll have a homie's jackup
That nigga fucked Pat up, fuck havin' a homies tack up
We slap hoes that step on toes of our DaDa's
and ask them niggas in the Source Awards when I caught them
while y'all was pacin', the homies was bringin' up situations
Eliminating fake niggas while I'm paper chasin'
Dogghouse (woof) in ya mouth (we'll make you go away)
Yeah nigga, Dogghouse, this Kurupt bitch, yeah
OK, let the homies spray the K
Dippin hittin' switches bouncin' over ditches
Callicodes collapse niggas, perhaps niggas
Trap or dap and clap niggas, I'M YOUNG GOTTSTRA
Put it up, pistols might sizzle a nigga
For shizzle my nigga Kurizzle was nizzle my nigga
LIke a bitch or a busta, bust a, four fizzle
surface the air miss wit a homie, wait for the whistle
Who you thought we was? Temperatures might rise
Before everybody feel the fire from the 5's
I told Daz we about to fry niggas like fries
And seperate them by 5's, and light up the skies
Crip that D.P., K-U-R-U-P-T
Dippin' and I'm out, put a dick in yo mouth
Dogghouse gangstas (woof, woof, woof, woof)
Dippin' and I'm out, put a dick in yo mouth, ya bitch
Like this, for the sake of the game
Bitch nigga jaw-jackin' get ?blasted? out the frame
Let them punk punk you up
You jumped up and got stomped the fuck down, what now?
Showdown, got your three ring circus Bozo's
cannot work or see the tears of a clown
Listen nit wit, you can't get wit
try to sit wit, and get yo shit split quick
If you wanna say the word is bond
word is bond, then, I attack like ninja hunter
You rhyme soft like the other Hunter
Heather Hunter, fake a gangbang fronter
Capital D to the O-G-G
Capital H-O-U-S-E in ya mouth, oh bitch if ya didn't know
Long Beach City dirty like THE SOUTH!
?Wit Suga Free in? I'm in this motherfucker leanin'
I'm quick to do it umm, meant to do it
Stayed on my toes like the nigga pimpin', watching the corner
Much love to my niggas rippin', in California
Doin it big with my nigga Bad, these niggas mad
At the 2001 Benz, guzzlin' Henn
It's Dogghouse and we all in, ballin'
Goldie got a couple of hoes hoppin' out the Rolls, we chillin
I came in bangin dub ?minutes? (20 minutes)
All my niggas know I ain't no motherfucking gimp
I get down damn, runnin' from damn town
Dogghouse nigga, Dogg Pound bound
How you motherfuckers like me now when I do it like
Bust on the microphone, cuss on the microphone?
Yeah this nigga like Tracy, Tray Deee
Bang his ass, slap his ass in the striz-neet
Catch him wit the headlock, pistol whippin' wit the glock
Lil' Goldie Loc about to set up shop
These motherfuckers don't like me anyway
Shit, I ain't got nothing to say, wit no time to play
What these motherfuckers thought I was about?
When I bust this bitch i put my dick in her mouth
Now all them niggas got something to say
But I'ma tell 'em Lil' Goldie don't play, nigga
Yeah it's the genius of the click
Known to sleep a nigga quick
So watch how ya' gums bump speakin' on the wrist
I drew the diagram how to mash the game
Never hesitated when it came to blasting thangs
From the knuckle shoes buckle when we lock and strap
I'm a real rider nigga you can drop the act
I got stripes and bars from a life at war
Twice as hard, as niggas claim they sheisty y'all
Criminal, lay 'em down for their stacks and sacks
For the mic, used to trife with the mass and gats
Do or die, to survive from my time of birth
Then I'm out for gettin' mine till I ride the hearse
It's going down, Dogghouse gangsta style
And fuck Death Row, we'll take 'em out
We got the whole rap game bangin' now (C--RIP!!)
What you motherfuckers think this game's about?
Oh, good evening Topp Dogg I'm so glad you're here
All the bitches in the front, the gangsters in the rear
I'm not Dr. Jekyll nor Mr. Hyde
Whoever told you that, they told you a lie
You been a waitin' and a waitin', as I can see
So treat me like the pope and bow to your knees
Oh the genius on the mic is back again
So get on the phone and go tell a friend
I been a waitin' for a while as you all know
And now I'm back on the mic doggin' the show
I got platinum 'round my neck, that will never fade
The name of the chain's Mixmaster Spade
A sure shot, body rockin'
A c'mon everybody get ready to rock
A sure shot, body rockin'
A c'mon everybody..............
We'd like to welcome y'all to the fabulous Carolina West
I own this motherfucker and my name is Taa-Dow
Y'all niggaz know who I am y'all niggaz tearin up shit
But we got somethin old, and somethin new for y'all tongiht
Put your hands together for Snoop Doggy Dogg
The Dogg Pound, and the fabulous Dramatics
It's like everywhere I look, and everywhere I go
I'm hearin motherfuckers tryin to steal my flow
But it ain't no thang cause see my nigga Coolio
Put me up on the game when I step through the do'
Ya know, some of these niggaz is so deceptive
Usin my styles like a contraceptive
I hope ya get burnt, it seems ya havn't learnt
It's the nick nack patty wack, I still got the bigger sack
So put your gun away, run away, cuz i'm back (why?)
Hit em up, get em up, spit em up, now
Tell me what's goin on
It make me wanna holler, cuz my dollars come in ozones
Lone for the break-up, so take off your clothes
and quit tryin to spit at my motherfuckin hoes
Seakin of hoes, I'll get to the point
You think you got the bomb cuz I rolled you a joint
You'se a flea and i'm the big Dogg
I'll scratch you off my balls with my motherfuckin paws
Y'alls, niggaz, better recognize
And see where I'm comin from it's still East Side till I die
Why ask why?  As the world keeps spinning to the D-O-Double-G-Y
It's a crazy mixed up world, it's a Doggy Dogg World
It's a Doggy Dogg World, it's a Doggy Dogg World
The Dogg's World
Well if you give me ten bitches then I'll fuck all ten
See my homey Snoop Doggy sippin juice and gin
Don't slip, I'm fo' to set trip, to get papers
Styles vary, packin flavor like Life Savors
Ain't that somethin, talk shit and I'm dumpin
I had your whole fuckin block bumpin
Don't sweat, but check the tecnique, I'm unique like China
Ya never find the bomb-a-rama then this Nigga behind ya
So peek-a-boo, clear the way, I'm coming through
One-two, three, you can't see me
I'm a G like that strapped with hit hard tactics
A fuckin menace, usin hoes like tennis rackets
It's on again, it's on and poppin
All I see is green, so there ain't no stoppin
I wanna see some panties droppin
I'm comin from L.A., she used to chill with Dre up in Compton
(All I ever did was just use that hoe
Show her my dickies, get with these, and kick flows)
I'm dishin out blues, I'm upsetting like bad news
Cut off khakis, french braids, and house shoes
Kurupt, the name's often marked for catchin slugs
and I smoke weed for the fuck of it
Ruff and rugged shit, it's unexplanitory how I gets wicked
but it's manditory that I kick it
Check it, I'm runnin hoes in 94, now must I prove it
Hoes call me Sugar Ray for the way I be stickin and movin
Prepare for a war, it's on, I'm head huntin
Hit the button, and light shit up like Red Dawn
Peep, the massicre from a verbal assassin
Murderin with rhymes packin Tec-9's for some action
You really don't know, do you, you fuckin wit a hog
You can't do me, I'm goin out looney like O-Dog
Tha Dogg Pound rocks the party (all night long)
Tell when (till the early morn)
It don't stop (and uh) it don't quit (for the)
The Dogg Pound clique (to drop the cavvy Dogg shit)
Diggity Daz out of the motherfuckin cut once mo'
So grab a seat and grab your gin and juice and check out the flow
I flip flop and serve hoes with a fat dick
Till I die I'm still screamin that (bitches ain't shit)
Now i'm the mack daddy, had he, not known about
the city where I'm from, dum diddy dum
As you groove to the gangster shit
The D-O-Double-G the P-O-U-N-D, the gangsta clique
Now as the Pound break it down with the gangsta funk
I can see and I can tell that's what the fuck you want
So I blaze up the chronic, so I can get high
I promise I'll smoke chronic till the day that I die
Come and go with me to Doggylaaaaaaaaaaaaand!!
(Here ye, Here ye, Come one come all)
To a place that be, call it LBC
(I'm ridin' wit'cha baby)
Come and go with me to Doggylaaaaaaaaaaaaand!!
To a place that be, call it LBC
Now if you tired of the hard work
tears and sweat
and you breakin' your neck
and you still up in debt.
Walkin' round town all strapped in,
niggas be havin' more bad times than Captain Rat did.
Two strikes none left, out of breath
Livin' in the city it's a jungle yo.
All this deception on top of stress,
you havin' more problems than a algebra test.
You can't seem to come up, wit yo' money for rent,
and now yo' baby momma trippin' she want fifty percent.
It's a thin line, between yours and mine
the difference is you gotta scratch to a get nickel and dime.
Now I know a place where
Ya' might wanna be and I can take you there
Pop goes the nine, We'll go right behind
You can slide off your shoes sit back and recline.
Oh your homies think you're funny?
Doin' stick ups for moneys
Just to impress the honeys (This is for the honeys)
Got yo' rocks, so you keep'em in the sack,
you got two strikes, but you right back up to bat.
You all about yo' money and got something to sell
but if you bail for a robber you'll be back in the jail cell.
You chillin' wit yo' feet up
Someone hated but baby without the homies and
that's when you got beat up.
Because you can't be out there doin' low
and then right gather up yo' crew and roll.
Ain't no rules when you out there doin' dirt,
somebody's always layin' in the cut to get ya' hurt.
But see, I know a place where
you might wanna be
and I can take you there
Pop goes the nine, We'll go right behind
You can slide off your shoes sit back and recline.
Here ye, Here ye, come one, come all.
To a place that be, call it LBC.
(I'm ridin' wit' ya' baby)
Lemme holla to a little home boy real quick,
know what I'm sayin'?
Cuz he travelin' in the fast lane.
Stop the life it seem that we are on,
Time to slow your roll,
Let Doggyland be your new home,
Stop the life it seem that we are on,
time to slow your roll,
Let Doggyland be your new home.
Doggyland is the town where it's goin' diz-owne
(It's goin' down)
Everything is free,
and ain't no HIV. (What?)
And niggas don't kill one another
(Oh really why is that?)
Because a brother is a brother.
(And what about the mothers?)
They queens,
righteous,
man,
heaven must be like this,
green aroma like the grass in the summertime.
Ain't no peneteneries and ain't nobody doin' time.
And oh yeah, I'm the big O-K'er,
I'm smarter than the senator,
Bigger than the mayor.
Heaven on Earth
it's like a prayer.
And you can't get in without yo' gold card you got
to be a player.
Now you know a place where
You gots to be and I took you there,
Pop goes the nine, we'll go right behind
You can slide off your shoes sit back and recline.
I'm in Junior High with a C+ grade
At the end of the day I don't hit the arcade
I to school from my moms apartment
I got to tell these niggas everyday don't shit
Cause where I'm at if you soft you lost
And to stay on course, you got to roll with force
My homeboy Dogg is chilling in a Benz
In front of his building witht the rest of his friends
I give him a pound no I mean I shake his hand
He's the neighborhood drug dealer, my man
I go upstairs, I hug my mother
I kiss my sister and I punch my brother
I sit down on the bed to watch some t.v.
Do my ears decieve me
No That's the fourth time this week
Four young brothers got shot in the street
The very next day while I'm off to class
My momma go to work cold bustin' her ass
My sisters cute but shes got no gear
I got three pair of pants and with my brother I share
So there in school I made a fool
With one and a half pair of pants, you aint cool
Cause there's no dollars for nothing else
I got beans, rice, and bread on my shelf
Now everyday I see my momma struggling
So now its time I got to do something
I look for work
I get dissed like a jerk
I do odd jobs
And come home like a slob
So here comes Dogg his gold is shivery
He gives me two hundred for a quick delivery
I do it once I do it twice
And now there's stake with the beans and rice
My mothers nervous but she knows the deal
My sisters gear now has sex appeal
My brothers my partner and were getting paper
And three months later the whole hood cought the vapors
My family's happy and everything is new
Now tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do
Doggz Gonna Get Ya
Ay yo yo Check this out Snoop
All these niggas always talking about
"They looove this" And niggas got looove for you
Or nigga I looove this ride or this chin around my neck nigga
You niggas dont know what the fuck love really mean
Nigga you cant buy love at no corner store nigga
Love aint got no price tag
Snoop I want you to kick this shit to them niggas
hmm
Money is flowing everything is fine
I bought my self and Uzi and my brother a nine
Business is booming everyhing is cool
I pull about a G a week, fuck school
A year passed by and I began to grow
Not in height but juice and cash flow
I kick up my feet to watch some t.v.
Cause now I got other people working for me
I got a 55" television you know
And every once in a while I hear "Just say no"
Or the other commercial I love
That's when they say this is you brain on drugs
I pick up the remote control and just turn
Cause with this bullshit I'm not concerned
Me and my brother bounced in the Benz
We driving around our territory again
I pull up at the light like a superstar
An automatic weapon cold sprayed my car
I hit the accellerater scared as shit
I drove one block to find my brother was hit
He wasnt dead but the blood was pouring
And all I could think about was Warren
Later I found it was Dogg and his crew
Now tell mw what the fuck am I suppose to do
Yeah so now you see what I'm talkin bout nigga
You see what that love shit do ya
This nigga said he had love nigga and this nigga done shot yo brother
So what the fuck you gone do now
My brother s out of it but I'm still in it
On top of that I'm in it to win it
I cant believe that Dogg would dis me
That faggot that punk he soft or sissy
I driving around with three of my guys
The war is on and I'm on the rise
We rolled right up to Dogg's favorite hang out
What's cracking Dogg and let the bullets stang out
Someone shot back so we took cover
And all i could about was my brother
Dogg jumped up and began to run
Bustin shots hopping to hit someone
So I just stopped and let off three shot
Two hit that nigga and one hit a cop
I threw down the gun and began to shout
"Ay y'all all lets break out got 'em dip out
Now as I left there goes the boys in blue
They pointin they guns at my four man crew
They shot down one, they shot down two
Now tell me what the fuck am I suppose to do
Ya see the moral of the story is this
Love is a motherfucka
And Doggs is a motherfucka
You mix the two up you bound to get some drama
Loves gonna get ya
Naw nigga Doggz gonna get ya you ever try to play me and thats real
Thats real
Thats real
What's up baby can I get with you?
Its called dogs get lonely 2
Bow-wow
I dont give a damn, what your homies say
You don't stay on me, your always out to play
Your so hard to find, seems your shaking me
D.O.G.'s we get lonely
Look here babygirl D.O.G.'s we get lonely
You can ask all my homies, all D.P.G. got tenderoni's
Now when we on the road trying to get this paper
and phone call away is what you say
But some times you got to find time to get up
to get out and get away You feel me
Now all I want to do is stay real and stay true
I'm trying to have a little something, and keep you satisfied, but
(when) my homeboys say its time to ride then I'm a ride
See I'm a gangsta I'm a always be a gangsta you cant change me
Dispite at night I might get lonely ya heard me come and serve me
I'd love to take you to the mall
buy you a little somthing go to the movies too
If thats what you want to do, thats what you trying to do
thats what we going to do
Now I'm a put you on a back burner
cause I got to get this cheese with my crew
But baby momma full of drama aint that right
D.A.Z. dog's get lonely too
Now you knew the dog was dangerous and you took it
You got good loving
You hook me up a good meal
but you still couldnt hook me
Let me stop lying, I'm trying to be too cool, I shaking the real
All my homies do y'all know D.O.G.'s can get lonely too thats real
Yo yo check this out baby
Im not even going to rap on this one
I'm not I'm not much of a rapper at all
But check this out I'm a put this P.I. down to you real small
I mean I got to get this money I'm out here hanging with my homeboys
We do what we do we been doing this
before I even met you you know what I'm saying
Times get hard my homies gone be there I know you there for me
I know you want to do those things that
that a women supposed to do for a nigga like me
I mean when I get lonely I'm a holler at you
You gone be there for me
Thats real
Aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo Quik check this out dog
You know mothafuckers be doin way way too mothafuckin much
You know? That's real
Just like baby right here, she doin too much
Now if that nigga next to you got a rented car
And he actin like it's his but you know it's not
Say he doin too much, yeah nigga you doin too much
And if that stuck-up bitch got the bar posted-up
She actin like that hair's hers but you know what's up
Say she doin too much, yeah baby you doin too much
I gave my kinfolk the keys to my Suburb
I told em "Hit the side and slide and get the herb"
But guess who's callin, Pipedream Patty
Made that nigga park my whoride beside the alley
Forget about that nigga though (fuck that nigga)
Fuck that nigga yo
But I can't forget about him cuz he taught me everything I know
Oh no Joe, walkin down the wrong lane
Tootin on that cocaine, fuckin wit that wrong thang
Niggas like that (what), get things like they want it (damn)
Then fake the funk, doggonnit
Now loc, look at this predicament
You smoked out and can't be trusted, I can't kick it wit
Niggas like you, used to be in my crew
Goddamn, they don't make niggas like they used to
I remember Marley Marl and the Juice Crew
That's probably why I keep a tight grip on my deuce-deuce
Now if you're doin for your family and you can't stand it
Cuz you know these mothafuckers tryin take advantage
Say they doin too much, yeah nigga you doin too much
And if your kinfolk broke and he smoke dope
And he need to catch a mothafuckin different stroke
Say he doin too much, yeah Joey you doin too much
We parlay, parlay everyday DPG style
We might throw a pool party every once in a while
Now in fact we gon' do one this weekend
Let's see how many hoes me and my nigga Rose can weed in
I believe in, sharin the cock
Also, I believe in comparin the cock
Look, don't knock a nigga like me (why?)
Cuz she love the way I just beat up the pussy
Not just knee deep, she was totally deep
When she went down on me
She blew a nigga socks off, got a nigga rocks off
Ooh wee, baby you's a freak
Put my homey up on game like a gangsta
But my homey fell in love and he banked her
Ain't that a trip? Now we in a twist
Back in the county wit the red ribbon on his wrist
Now when a nigga hit his girl and she don't hit back
And he get his third strike wit no get back
Say he doin too much, yeah homey you doin too much
And when the homey in the pen, doin a sin
And his girlfriend fuckin wit his best friend
Say she doin too much, hell yeah she doin too much
I'm livin up in the hills, wine sippin wit mills
I'm havin major type of paper, I ain't trippin off bills (still)
Show me some respect and accept my coolness
And don't mistake my kindness to mean I'm foolish
Use this as a warning, cuz I'm startin
To figure it's some niggas think I'm soft as Charmin
Pardon me, cuz I ain't mad when you get bent
But I hate when fools mistake me for U.S. ?spray?
Friends and family, gettin after me like repo
Eat, smoke, choke then want me to throw em a c-note
You doin too much when you clutchin on my touch-tone
Callin strays over nigga leadin months gone
Conversate for fo' hours, wastin mo' power
And only get to hit a cold shower
You fakin like you're makin more moves than Simpson
But frontin, pushin buttons, doin nuttin but sin
And when a nigga on yo' phone, runnin up yo' bill
Tryin to tell some hoodrat bitch how he feel
You know he doin too much, yeah nigga you doin too much
And when your baby momma cryin bout she need some milk
And you heard some other nigga did been at her tilt
You know she doin too much, yeah baby you doin too much
That's real
Let me do my thang
‘Cause I’mma do my thang
Let me do my thang
(Do your natural thang)
Can I do my thang?
Let me do my thang
Stay on the low, we get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
New gators on my feet, rollin up and down the streets
Let me do my thang
I bust a new batch, get it back just like that
Let me do my thang
I’m hard in the bank, never say what a nigga can’t
Do my thang, do my thang
Yea I’mma do my thang
I’mma do my thang
Stay on the low and get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
New gators on my feet, rollin up and down the streets
Let me do my thang
Keep it on the low and get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
Get a biatch, got a biatch
This shit, yea I got a lot of it
Money up, nah money back
I don’t tolerate none of that
Fill half a C and enjoy
And roll wit your motherfuckin homeboys
Dam-Funk drive the car
I’m smoking that blaze up like by afar
Do my thang
Yea I’mma do my thang
Let me do my thang
Stay on the low and get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
New gators on my feet, rollin up and down the streets
Let me do my thang
Keep it on the low and get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
1-2, 1-2
Me and Dam came to funk you
I know you love everything that we does
This shit bang in the club
And ain’t no need to procrastinate
We on the 40 ounce, my nigga pass the A
And let me get yo back to the floor
Life when I was a young G back in ‘84
Do my thang
Yea I’mma do my thang
Let me do my thang
Stay on the low and get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
New gators on my feet, rollin up and down the streets
Let me do my thang
Keep it on the low and get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
Greeting nebulons
It is I, Seth Me
You are now ordered to do your thing
Oh no
Your thing is your friend
Only you can do you
So do it do it do it
Let me do my thang
Do my thang
Yea I’mma do my thang
Let me do my thang
Stay on the low and get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
New gators on my feet, rollin up and down the streets
Let me do my thang
I but a new batch, get it back just like that
Let me do my thang
I’m hard in the bank, never say what a nigga can’t
Let me do my thang
Do my thang
Yea I’mma do my thang
Let me do my thang
Stay on the low and get it anywhere that we go
Let me do my thang
New gators on my feet, rollin up and down the streets
Let me do my thang
Uh.
Yea.
(Don't Let Go)
Life, life
(Don't Let Go)
I'm the coldest of the coldest, the dopest of the dopest
The smoothest of the smoothest and locest of the locest
The whole world on point for this new joint that I just put together
So kindly, and you can find on the coast with the most lambs
High post, plain coast with a bunch thug niggas, drug dealers
Project fools, C-Murder past dem tools
Shit I'm bout to make these motherfuckers get up
I draw the line between yours and mine
And make sure you dont get lit up
Hit ha on the motha fickin set when dip
Dogg pound mutha Fuckin gangsta crew
Split wigs for a livin everydays thanksgiving
Mutha fuck yall rides, we slides we dippin
Nigga the tanks, driven by the colonel Mr. Master P
Lil Silkky, Mystikal, C and me and Fiend
Nigga dont be trippin, you got my lil homie in the cut
That Soulja Slim nigga , he known for dippin
Wassup
(Don't let go)
If you love ta bang bang
And the rap game is just like the dope game
The minute you forget it, forget it you finished
Them niggas know when you aint with it
Thats when they get ignent
(Don't let go)
Like a twista, like a twista, get twisted with this
It seems its on, but its off, I keep missin this shit
I'm high but I try to stay focused wide eye
Lookin dead at the chips, I blink, they dip
(Don't let go)
Like a twista like a twista get twisted with this
It seems its on but its off I keep missing this shit
I'm high but I try to stay focused wide eye
Lookin dead at the chips, I blink, they dip
(Don't Let Go)
It's worth to hang on for life
for life (Don't let go)
Its worth the hang on (Don't Let Go)
Yea
What
What
(Life life)
Check this out
I'm the hardest of the hardest
The realest of the realest
But see I dont fuck nothin but G's ballers and killers
So pardon my expression G
If yo bitch is seen wit one of my niggas in the clik
You best believe she done ate a gangsta dick
And you cant fault my niggas for dat
We just a bunch of thug niggas, ex drug dealers
The kind of gangsta ass niggas that your bitch love niggas
Don't so that to urself cuz I'm a tell you right now they plug niggas
They slug niggas
Now if yo bitch way out of line
Because when I steppin to Doggy Dogg you better take your time
Cause out on a limb fuckin with Slim
And you dont even know that cuz aint nobody told you that
We need you to show em dat (Don't let go)
Cuz I'm a pistol strappin car jackin hoe slappin MC
I dont know why all yall bitches is fuckin with me
Fuck all my enemies, and chasin cheese with cheese
Circuit tapes with cd's by the 3's in keys
Biggie was too large and Tupac was too real
Niggas had homies with heat on the street and he got killed
How the fuck did that happen I thought yall niggas was rappin
Shit but in this real world shit, murder thnags keep crackin
Besides drive bys and kiddnapping
Shit when u head up out the door foget the four four
Never leave home with out it
Now why dog, niggas everywhere gettin rowdy and bout it
And don't doubt it, real violence aside and dont forget it
Its like I said When you ain't with it niggas get ignent
(Don't let go)
Like a twista, like a twista, get twisted with dis
It seems its on but its off I keep missing this shit
I'm high but I try to stay focused wide eye
Lookin dead at the chips, I blink, they dip
(Don't let go)
Its hard to hang on
I try I try
Life life
(Don't Let Go)
Yea
(Don't Let Go)
You in the War Zone
Ha ha, yeah, uhh.. THX, uh, uh
I wanna go universal one time man
I wanna talk to the whole world man
Cause, cause I know niggaz
I know niggaz feel this shit man, e'rywhere man
Don't matter where you at you gotta feel this cuz
Trip
If you see the police - don't stop!
You got your heat on the seat - don't stop!
My nigga ball 'til you fall - don't stop!
And break a bitch like a law - don't stop!
My nigga get yo' cash - don't stop!
Oh, you keep the stash in the dash?  Don't stop!
Oh, you like to scrape and crawl?  Don't stop!
Well, we do it with no breaks at all - don't stop!
Yeah, okay, yeah - don't stop, don't quit
You don't wanna get dropped?  Don't pop no shit
I'm tellin niggaz now, off top, real spit
Like it or not, we who you got to deal wit
Geah - we at your service
You in the War Zone now so don't be nervous
... And it don't stop
Everybody drop shit bottom to the top
Uhh, they want me to stop cause I been goin hard on them lately
And I feel raising my right hand sayin, "Motherfucker don't make me
slap ya ass for not bringin back the cash
Now do it with no breaks trick and get it real fast"
One of you niggaz gon' feel these bullets
Six cannons, loaded, cock and pull it
West gang, ridin out that's all we do
West gang nigga I ain't gotta explain it to you
Let's bang
Yeah, if you gettin down to the sound (don't stop!)
If you gotta dump a few rounds (don't stop!)
If some punk clown flags you down (don't stop!)
If you don't come from the town (don't stop!)
If you tryna hang with the gang (don't stop!)
If you makin money tryna slang (don't stop!)
If the neighborhood's where you hang (don't stop!)
If bustin shots is yo' thang (don't stop!)
Geah
Look - what'chu tryna do my nigga?
E'rything you talkin 'bout I been through my nigga
I'm original, busta I'm a D.P.G.
War Zone motherfucker in the midst of the streets (nigga)
Geah, you get it and go
When the boys roll past, you're lettin 'em know
Heat in the waistband, gang of tattoos
Compton, Eiht don't stop for you fools
Won't stop learnt it on 'em, I gotta eat chief
Now getcha ass in my way, I'm snatchin you up by your lil' briefs
Now rock twice and do your hand like this
If you not then stop representin this gangsta shit
So we bangs the clip, the main West G spot
Compton, Long Beach, S.E. Watts
Where niggaz is more sick, more dumb, more gone
Trick, you know where I'm from, the War Zone
Don't stop, don't stop!
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop!
Hello, what's happenin?
This Snoop Dogg.
What you doin?
Oh serious, check this out.
Nigga fittin to come through there.
So um, leave that back door open so a nigga can come in there real slow.
Yeah.
You got a job, I got a life, you got a man, I got a wife
Baby girl, baby boy, that's the way of the world
It ain't got back, can't get back
You say it won't get back, shit I hope it don't get back
I'm creepin with you, sleepin with you
It's gettin bad on a nigga, now I'm beepin you too
And meet me at the hot spot and work that skirt
You know the blue one, the new one, girl you know the truth hurt
Heart beatin while I'm cheatin, trying to catch a nut
Bad little bitch got a nigga caught up
I'm slidin in the rag top Chevorlet
Got a nigga all out of bounds in West L.A.
I'm tryin to find your granny's house, is your auntie house
Well um, you know we sorta kinda burn it out
You know I turn it out whenever I'm in the mix
I'm creepin with my secret and that's how I wanna keep it, peep this
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, won't tell)
I met this thang named Juanika
She stayed in Engelwood and she knew Tamika
Tamika and Juanika was tight like gloves
I seen em Tuesday night hangin at the club
I say what's up Tamika boo, what's up with you
She said Mauseburg skandelous, nigga so fuck you
Some bitches be lyin (lyin), most bitches be tryin (tryin)
To get a nigga caught up, that's probably why I'm (I'm)
G'd up, boot up, to hit it and show
I give it to you real baby, can't (shake em up dogg)
Jump in the Burg, let's swirve on the low key
Windows tinted cause everybody know me
You told on Mause, you told on Snoop
And now you wanna tell on me, well woopty woop
Put me up on game, your homie
It was too much fun, hm, remember what you told me
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, won't tell)
No baby I ain't with the bullshit
I been fuckin you for two weeks and I ain't seen no cashflow increase
You've been runnin your mouth, tellin your girls how I'm fuckin you
What I got in my house, the things I don't do for you
Better be careful cause your girls wanna come too
Yay kiss and a rub back and now I'm up in you
And did you tell Tamika
I was wondering why my homie baby momma was blowing up my beeper
You's a cold thang, I told you keep it on the DL
And if I decide to hit it again it's at the motel
Tellin them broads about my furniture and jewels
Work on my table and how holding my clientel
Damn do it hit the spot
As pretty as you is no more blessins for your trot
But I might for the sake of my swipe
Hit it like it's supposed to be hit if the vibe is right tonight
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell, don't tell, don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, won't tell)
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
Ain't no big deal until that hoe squeals
Now I got to keep my fuckin woman from around that hoe
Take a fuckin rubber everywhere that I go
Keep her from her family cause her cousin know
She say she fuckin Nate but she can't prove it though
Next time you can't come if you got a loud tongue
I know I got a big dick, shouldn't loaned it to a trick
This time you act like a nigga who just did a crime
You got your ass busted now you facing time
The money's in the pack, it's on the drivers side
But nigga you was with it so when you be quiet
Now you facin twenty all by yourself
The nigga you was with man he rich as hell
Even though this story is a fairy tail
Act like you that nigga bitch and please don't tell
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
(Won't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell, don't tell, won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you goin tell on me
(Don't tell)
When I get this pussy you goin tell on me
(Won't tell)
If I hit this pussy you can't tell on me
Fuck them niggas, ha ha.
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas
Bitch I'm down for No Limit, I ride for the cause
I'm the nigga on the tank with the big fuckin balls
And if anybody fuck with Snoop Doggy Dogg
I'm a make these niggas put his name on the wall
And everywhere I go I got Mr. Magic here
Because I know that nigga don't care
He'll have that red shit pourin out your hair
Nigga, any fuckin time nigga, any fuckin where
Make 'em bleed is the motto that I live by
If you fuck with me it's a must you die
Them niggas might goin run but them niggas can't hide
It's like shootin yourself, it's a suicide
KLC rock the beat, hittin hard like dirt
Niggas in the Nolia know him as Big Hurt
Just like Soulja Slim he'll put you in the dirt
And have your picture on front of a t-shirt
And when I make moves I got a hundred niggas with me
Just incase a nigga out there tryin 'a get me
All my niggas is down to squeeze the trigger
That's why I'm down for my motherfuckin niggas
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas
What you aint heard why I ride for these niggas, I die for these niggas
Do a drive by with my forty five cause I'm down with these niggas
Snoop Dogg and Bossalinie
Don't shoot now nigga just call me when you need me
Believe me, I never bite the hand that feed me
Just point them niggas out and I'll leave em all on the street bleeding
Bitch you fuckin with a grown man
How I'm gonna ax you in your own house and bury you in your own land
See the cops is scared to come and get me
But I don't blame em cause they know I got a bunch of thug niggas with me
Lookin for trouble, starting shit
I'm ridin solo and I'm bustin and gettin rid of your dick
See your boys ain't bout beefing
When you fuckin with niggas that'll definately get you internal sleep
But if you didn't get the fuckin picture
Bitch I'm down for my niggas
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas
What niggas, them niggas, yeah dawg, you with it
No problem, let's get em, do em, I did em
We gettin nutty in this motherfucker (nutty in this motherfucker)
I got my buddy in this motherfucker, leavin a nigga bloody in this
motherfucker
We in the cutty motherfucker
You done done it, you must, you got it coming motherfucker
Some of these niggas is bitches too
And some of these niggas look just like you
Well, where I'm from we like to ride on foes
Do it from the shoulders or do it from the tools
I do my dirt all by my lonely (all by my lonely)
C-Murder and Magic, hell yeah them my motherfuckin homies
Solo shit get thick and call me
And niggas wanna act like they wanna get with Snoop Doggy
Lemme let you niggas know (what's up)
Shit, fuck what you goin through and fuck what you stand for
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas cause I'm down for my niggas, what
Fuck them other niggas, I ride for my niggas, what
I die for my niggas, fuck them other niggas
Yeah
Vision 88 kilos of cocaine smack-dead in your face
The street value of that is what you dream to make
Run an illegal business,racketeerin
Smugglin,doin things from handin a gun,is what they fearin
Bodyguards and hitmen like some Al Capone shit
Heavy artillery got the cops on my dick
Different locations,spots where it takes place
If you show them my money,your ass is gettin f-laid
There's four major games that run the city of G's
The violators,the Gambinos and the Corleones and me
The violators and Gambinos they run uptown
Me and my cousin Corleone we run downtown
Murder's an everyday thang in the city
Where you gotta plot chips,jag robberies and do in its
Tanadian Nay,the charge of the weapons
Hit from verandahs and do a thing unexpected
So we plan a plot with an Uzi and 10 shot
Buck em till they all drop,circle round the block
Let em have it as soon as they come out
Unload on their ass,commence to takin them out!
Throughout the streets of Long Beach
The streets was infected with drugs,dope pealers and addicts
Gangs have taken over 75% of our town as the young
youth behaviour is outrageous with crime
They feel no remorse whatsoever, as the law enforcements
have tried to stop the trafficking of drugs
from coming into our country, but they can't
The murders have increased more than 95% and the drug amount
of which they make is more than 700 million dollars
Now wanted by the IRS and we will convict them of tax evasion
I had no choice or remorse for time for puttin it down
Niggas know the scoop is stupid if they come from my town
I been around since the Jumpstreet makin it pop
Young crook keepin hook,nigga,shakin the spot
Had to be a standout not to get ran out
Look for help,you help yourself cos there's no handout
Since the city Long Beach is only G's and hos
You hold on ya heat but them fiendish foes
Trust,bust,be aware and I ain't ya curse
Cos the niggas that I dared to (?agank?) the first
Think I might be deceased 'fore I reach my calling
As long as I'm haulin my heat I'm stallin
I bring it to ya hard from the streets of life
Where niggas get rewarded to grief for strikes
Don't speak on the creep,mo' fools is listenin
And war story glory ain't worth the riskin
Real niggas still get a mob like respect
If you represent ya set,till ya bite the deck
Who I be?I'm the Dee,nigga check the file
Under G you will see not to sweat my style
I'm takin em out!
I come through blastin,me as a Downtown Assassin
Mashin,may they rest in peace in they caskets
Shoot em down in front of Hassans
Should've known from the gate,who's the baddest?
In my zone,Don Corleone wanted
For the murder of forty men
Ordered to hit and watch him kill again and again
From the U-S-C,I shift ki's,a 120 plane rides
Multiplied by G's,87.3 million in a matter o'months
Big business and big dollars is all that I want
I blaze up to celebrate,new empire to make
Toast till we all die,till we burst and break
From knives to guns,from the rich to the slums
We ran outta dope,I don't think so son
While I be gunned by a mark from the enemy park
From daylight to reach dark and all the clucks a'spark
From when I pick em off like darts
Stab em in they hearts
Make an example,what I said,ya end up dead
Spayed the wall with graffiti like hogs for all my lost Doggs
Never reach until I see the blue sky till I die
All I ever want is to be left alone
Me myself,me my dope,me and my chrome
Got paid by cops and judges,I budge when I buzz
I got the City of Long Beach goin crazy for drugs
This is a service public announcement going out to all the paper haters
Now sure sure sure your broke sure sure sure your having problems
Food stamps didn't come on time and the lights have been cut off
But look here
Here's a little something about a nigga like me
I never should have been let out the penitentiary
Snoop Dogg would like to say
That I'm a crazy motherfucker when I'm playing with my AK
Since I was a youth I smoked weed out
Now I'm that motherfucker y'all read about
Smoking you and your crew, taking a life or two
You dont like how I'm living well fuck you
This is my gang nigga No Limit
My nigga C will fuck you up in a minute
With the pow pow bang bang and your dead
And then we stamp that tank on your forehead
Everywhere we go they say "DAMN"
Them gangstas they be fucking up the program
And then you realize we dont care
We dont just say no we to busy saying yeah
About drinking straight out the ???? bottle
Do I look like a motherfucking role model
To a kid looking up to me
Shit life aint nothing but weed and money
Shit I'm that type of nigga that's quick to blast
Fuck with me or C and I'll put my foot in your ass
I dont give a fuck cause I keep selling
Yo what the fuck are the yelling
Gangsta Gangsta Thats what the yelling
Niggas living rowdy and stay bout it bout it
Gangsta Gangsta Thats what the selling
Bitches want to buy it cause they love that straight G shit
Homies all standing around just hanging
Some dope dealing some gang banging
We decide to roll a week deep
Seen a nigga on Dayton so we creep
Real slow, in you before you know
I had my double pointing at his window
He got scared and hit the gas
Right then I knew I had to smoke his ass
He kept rolling I jumped in the bucket
We couldn't catch him so I said fuck it
Then we headed right back to ????
Sweating all the bitches in the dazzy dukes
We couldn't no play from the ladies
With seven niggas in a Nav is you crazy
She was scared and it was showing
So we all said "FUCK YOU BITCH" and kept rolling
To the hood now we was 'fen to
Find something else to get into
Like some pussy or in fact
Getting rowdy, shit but we caught the rat pack
On a nigga cold nutting it off
Snoop Dogg gets ignorant when I'm fucking with my tank dogs
I might stumble and still wont lose
Now I'm draped in my gangsta blue's
Cause I'm the type of nigga who's quick to blast
Fuck with me or C and I'll blast your ass
See I dont give a fuck cause I keep bailing
Yo what the fuck are they yelling
Hol hold on Craig B cut that shit man
Man fuck that we need some gangsta in this motherfucker some other that
south shit know what I'm saying
Some of that shit from the thiz-ird ya heard me
Here's another gangsta down to ride
A T-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise
He represents the tank but yet hard to hit
Snoop Dogg and C-Murder with this gangsta shit
Well I'm C-Murder the one he talking about
Nigga tried to play me close and got punched in the mouth
Fed's tried to get me you know they some haters
I said "See you later" jumped in the Navigator
With the $50's in the back with the navy blue top
TRU niggas on the scene with the triple beam
Cause I'm the C fool I slang and Snoop bang
And I'll smoke a motherfucker like it aint no thing
To all my bitches, I know your jocking my crew
We want to fuck you C
I want to fuck you too
You see No Limit niggas dont take no shit
So let me tell you motherfuckers who you fucking with
Cause I'm the type of nigga that's quick to blast
If you fuck with me, I'm a smoke your ass
I dont give a fuck cause No Limit stay selling
Yo what the fuck are they yelling
If you'd of just stay down and been a motherfuckers real partner you
wouldn't have had tat problem
But seeing as you want to jump ship and you thought the ship would sink
a motherfucker without turning into a submarine, went under water came
back up with a periscope looking at your bitch ass
Now you have no paper, and now you on a paper caper
Now you coming up to my face and your saying "Hey can I hangout" I say
no cause you aint got no clout bitch get out
Now I'm tired of all you silly as motherfucking paper chasing hoes
Uhh this has been a public service announcement from No Limit Records
In the Doggy Dogg world
Snooooooooooop..
Snooooooooooop..
When the pimp's in the crib ma
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot
When the pigs try to get at ya
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot
And if a nigga get a attitude
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
Pop it like it's hot
I got the rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed cause I got it going on
Uh! I'm a nice dude, with some nice dreams
See these ice cubes, see these Ice Creams?
Eligible bachelor, million dollar boat
That's whiter than what's spilling down your throat
The Phantom, exterior like fish eggs
The interior like suicide wrist red
I can excercise you, this can be your Phys. Ed
Cheat on your man ma, that's how you get ahizzead
Killer wit the beat, I know killers in the street
Wit the steel that'll make you feel like Chinchilla in the heat
So don't try to run up on my ear talking all that raspy shit
Trying to ask me shit
When my niggaz fill ya vest they ain't gon pass me shit
You should think about it, take a second
Matter fact, you should take four B
And think before you fuck wit lil skateboard P
I'm a gangsta, but y'all knew that
Da Big Bo$$ Dogg, yeah I had to do that
I keep a blue flag hanging out my backside
But only on the left side, yeah that's the Crip side
Ain't no other way to play the game the way I play
I cut so much you thought I was a DJ
"two!" - "one!" - "yep, three!"
S-N double O-P, D-O double G
I can't fake it, just break it, and when I take it
See I specialize in making all the girls get naked
So bring your friends, all of y'all come inside
We got a world premiere right here, now get live!
So don't change the dizzle, turn it up a little
I got a living room full of fine dime brizzles
Waiting on the Pizzle, the Dizzle and the Shizzle
G's to the bizzack, now ladies here we gizzo
I'm a Bad Boy, wit a lotta ho's
Drive my own cars, and wear my own clothes
I hang out tough, I'm a real Bo$$
Big Snoop Dogg, yeah he's so sharp
On the TV screen and in the magazines
If you play me close, you're on a red beam
Oh you got a gun so you wanna pop back?
AK47 now nigga, stop that!
Cement shoes, now I'm on the move
Your family's crying, now you on the news
They can't find you, and now they miss you
Must I remind you I'm only here to twist you
Pistol whip you, dip you then flip you
Then dance to this motherfucking music we crip to
Subscribe nigga, get yo issue
Baby come close, let me see how you get loose!
Snooooooooooop.
Snooooooooooop..
Spin around ma
Drop, drop, like it's hot
Drop, drop, like it's hot
Spending money mang
Drop, drop, like it's hot
Drop, drop, like it's hot
Spin around mommy
Drop, drop, like it's hot
Drop, drop, like it's hot
I got the rollie on my arm
And I'm pouring Chandon
And I roll the best weed
'Cause I got it going on
No steroids can make you hit what I'm pitching
Chef boy-ar-P is back in the kitchen
You niggas is scratching, my niggas is itchen
Don't keep "Pacin" but these dudes blow they "Pistons"
Yes, nigga, P stands for polish
None of y'all is fucking with he, and this is obvious
I'm Ron Artest, laying down to your garbage
While my niggas in the street pushing shit like Ben Wallace
And any ya'll could get it, even fans in the stands
These guns is a sun, you'll catch a tan with ya man
I'm no cheeto, trust this is real/rio
Everything is grande nothing is poquito
Security's behind me, with the torpedo
'Cause the wrist stay frigid
How you say it? Frio
Or where I'm from, in Virgina, we say ch-ill
And the ends also quarter million for each whe-el
I got hatas on my j-iz-ock, plus the frickin c-iz-ops
All of whom want to hit me with sh-iz-ots til I dr-iz-op
Thank God for hip hop, or I be in the b-iz-ox, uh
Jail or casket, either way you r-iz-ot
But now I'm so fresh you could smell me through a ziplock
Mr. S d-iz-ot, it's not gon' st-iz-op
Too much pizzas for these piss-ass niggas to get past
Too cool for c-iz-ops to cuff his iz-ass
Snitch-ass they made, they can't get the boy
These niggas givin' out cases like a liquore store
Runnin' to the DA tryin' to get me for it
All the money it made, I'm like forget the law
I'm not 'fr-iz-aid, it J-iz-ay homie you got pl-iz-ayed
Take it like a man, the flow ran you off the st-iz-age (go sit down)
Wastin' ya time tryin' to sue S. tell ya lawyer
"Take that civil case and drop it like it's hot"
(World Wide)
International, nah I'm universal
But you a gangsta, how you get to do commertials?
With them big wheels, yeah cause you do it big
I stay real, stay sharp, and tell it like it is
I never fake the funk, niggas know I ain't no punk
They want beef? Yeah cause, pop the trunk
We go all the way, we do it lifesize
Now my life right, 'cause my wife on my right side
Yeah, and she protecting my interest
Now I'm on the move they got me hoppin' these fences
Ay little homie your defence is defenceless
A pimp apprentice
Now come here princess (Come here, come here)
I know ya tired of the chit-chatter
It really don't matta it's like a seesaw platter
I check money, check niggas, check bitches
Now drop it like you ass on swit-ches (Ziip)
You'z a fool fo' dis, yeah
My dogg Hi-Tek, representin' Cincinnati, Ohio!
Eastside shit, y'all know how we get down
7 dizzles a wizzle, Bigg Bow Wiggle's, up in the hizzle
Fo' shizzle bizzle, here we go again
Freshly dressed, I jump up in the mo'nin' tryna find some Zest
Psyche, we like the Bom, somebody betta ring the alarm
And hit the folks at the forum
Let my homies off the yard
I shall see the head nigga in charge
Push... Bush outta office, dump 'til they get off us
Make them offers, that leave niggas in coffins
Can you feel it my nigga, I'm 'bout to kill it my niggas
Sound like guerillas, fo' real'a off gangsta government millas
Coke killas, when it comes to off mic'n wit me
I was branded in a gang, fuck havin' techniques
Just ride, not a damn lettin' these fools breathe
Pop peas, push keys, find a stash fo' yo cheese
Is it possible that laws might get jealous
Hell yeah they be hatin' on the 3 Good Fellas
Over-dosage of ferocious, WestCoast in effect
Bang straight gangsta shit, so you know it's on deck
Hold and respect, cold as it get, don't wanna test
Kidnap ya wife and ya kids, you get the message
Insanity, commanded me to savagely spit
Suffer casualties, challenge me, I handle it quick
No talkin', C-Walkin', we chokin' the block off
Lettin' the glock off
And throwin' up DoggHouse
WestCoast niggas and we all in yo house
Gang bang niggas we gon' turn this bitch out
Eastside ridaz and we all in yo mouth
Dogg Pound Gang we let the mothafuckin' doggs out
Nate Dogg, Goldie, Snoopy, Tray Deee
Never loved a ho and run the "G-A"  in me
Always got a bitch, but never in the front seat
Still the same let the mothafuckin' doggs out
Yeah! it's about to get Crip'd out crazy
Blast on all you suckas with the throw away to daily
Don't you shoot that little mothafucka no mo'
That ain't what he said when he hit the chest went through his heart, came out his elbow
You shouldn't have been talkin' that shit bitch boy
Sayin' the wrong thing against the real McCoy
Didn't know I was a cold-blooded gangsta
If you ain't ridin' wit us fool, we'll catch ya lata
We exploded, reloaded and sewed it up
Sprayed shots to the crowed, like a loaded pump
Keep this mothafucka jumpin' 'til they close it up
Then we dippin' wit a sip and some hoes to fuck
Pour late, the hard way, ain't no bustas here
So explict you can only get it once a year
Eastsidaz, the ridaz, they change the game
And let you know from here go, we straight came to bang
Put me on a leash if you dare and I doubt you
Ever see someone here, who gave a fuck about you?
Niggas on the streets gon' keep talkin' shit about you
As long as you clap fool, it's bigger than 'bout too
Fuck wit fools, that ain't never paid us
And try to turn the homies into traitaz
Blue rags with blue balls, fo' all you hataz
I shoot a shout out to the killas
Yeah them stealas and Raiders
It's them D-O double G'z
Ain't nobody really fuckin' wit deez
Who let the mothafuckin' doggs out?
DoggHouse in ya mouth
We them niggas people talkin' about
Who let the mothafuckin' doggs out?
Niggas betta run and hide, we about to ride
Who let the mothafuckin' doggs out?
Who let the mothafuckin' doggs out? (Woof, woof)
Who let them Eastside ridaz out?
Now all the locs and doggs, who roll in big balls, say chips! (Chips!)
And all the women wit extensions in well fed conditions, you bitch! (You Bitch!)
Hey! who let the mothafuckin' gate open?
Police comin' and we still smokin'
What you drinkin' on Loc'y, Loc'y?
Doggy wo'gy, got his fo'gy while we tokin' on the wo'gy, doggy
Say woof mothafucka!, woof mothafucka!
Mighty mowed his ass, take his block fo' the hustlas
Post up, make about a million a month
Hittin' Bloods!, switchin' guns!
WestCoast niggas and we all in yo house
Gang bang niggas we gon' turn this bitch out
Eastside ridaz and we all in yo mouth
Dogg Pound Gang we let the mothafuckin' doggs out
Nate Dogg, Goldie, Snoopy, Tray Deee
Never loved a ho and run the "G-A"  in me
Always got a bitch, but never in the front seat
Still the same let the mothafuckin' doggs out
LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don't go 'less you go hard
Go 'less you go hard
Hollywood, downtime and back
Life is always good
It's not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
Knew that it never would
Lakers, Dodgers, Ducks, Kings, Angels, Clippers
Real set trippers
Clarify ride, we bonafide dippers
ESPN, you know Sports Centre
Spooned and groomed, dipped and wet
Home of the NBA championship
Purple and Gold, homie let the story be told
It's the city where you shoot your favourite television episode
And you can hit the strip, Sunset Boulevard
But you gotta have a Low-rider car
With the skirts dragging, with the plaque in the back flaggin'
Or put it in the back of the Chevy Wagon
That's how we represent it though
Birthplace of Chevrolet '64
Yeah I love showing it out
First things first my nig', you better know where you at
You in...
LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don't go 'less you go hard
Go 'less you go hard
Hollywood, downtime and back
Life is always good
It's not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
Knew that it never would
Riding on the 405
On my way to pick up baby
85 in the winter time
Man, this place is crazy
I love it, love it, love it, love it
Southern surfer Cali
Rollin' down Fairfax
Just left the Nico, bust a left turn on Pico
Gotta see the Bishop, he got me some gator shoes
I'm rollin' to Hollywood, I'm doing the house of blues
About 9 o clock stop by the record shop
And get that new Snoop Dogg, now we bouncing ball
Life is a mystery, my life is like history
Stop by my dispensary
Give me some kush and pusha
Put it in the trunk, smelling like some skunk
But it's all legal in LA
Everybody taking a hit from the politicians
Athletes and even the teachers
My dentist even hit it, Dr Beecher
He say "Snoop Dogg I really wanna meet ya"
Yeah, I love showing you now
First things first, my nig' you better know where you at
You in...
LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don't go 'less you go hard
Go 'less you go hard
Hollywood, downtime and back
Life is always good
It's not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
Knew that it never would
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground
Sippin’ yac while I elevate my mind state
Hand by the burner in case a nigga try to violate
Never going down, stay rising like Andre
Cause my corner back every thing the Don say
Long Beach, yeah I yell it out in every song
Err’y day, err’y night till I’m carried home
Forever known, big ballin’, try it in the city
Then yelling out swish way before it in the net
And I ain't knocking a niggas hustle, it’s all a game
And when they mention the best, will they call your name?
There's only winners and losers, ain't no in between
You either hit the hall of fame or you fall to shame
And you ain't got to wonder where my place at
pepsi blue rags sorta poppin, bitch taste that
One hit of the bong will blow ya face back
LMFAO to the bank, boy, ASAP
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground
I do it cause I feel it
Live it like I’m talkin’
Flow so straight but wont a nigga try and ?
I’m so high, yeah the weed, I’m still sparking it
My bitch bad and my diamonds still sparkling
Got the competition shaking like Parkinsons
Breads in the bag, call it good marketing
Life’s a bitch but I don’t cartigan?
That's what a word to the third letter
Shots, shots, shots to me and my cheddar
Run these emcee’s I’m tougher than leather
Vietnemese eyes tighter than ever
Fuck with the Dogg I’m biting whomever
Cause I don came from a long path
Only God knows how long the Dogg has
Cause like time we all pass
So if you ever taste success, just pray it’s from a tall glass
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground
I sold my soul to the devil that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a happy meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can’t take the phoniness
Get away from me wack tracks
I can only make only hits
I’m an only child lost in the World
Where did the lonely kids go when the bell ring
Its Feeling like hell rings
Bringing me back down
Checking my background
Its ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn’t have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends
I’m spaced out Dog, I be on that Moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moon walk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophmore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain’t finna change, so we won’t agree again
till then I’ll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground
Faden away
And I can't go another day
You make it hard to stay away
Girl you've got me faden away
Girl you've got me faden away
And ain't no other words to say
You make it hard for me to stay
Girl you've got me faden away
Faden Away
In my mind, it's all about you
I don't know what to do
Cuz you have got me confused
We talking on the phone
We fussing fight you ‘bout that lightening
I just wanna love you right, love you right
Faden away
And I can't go another day
You make it hard to stay away
Girl you've got me faden away
Girl you've got me faden away
And ain't no other words to say
You make it hard for me to stay
Girl you've got me faden away
Faden Away
Make time, make love, that’s what we make
Looking nowadays, looking like it’s gonna fade
See me, will you see here G soul
If he lose baby he gonna gain another dough
What a brother know, keep it on the low
That’s what my grandma said it suppose to go
Feel the same, we toast and post it
And if it all work soft then we casper the ghost
Me and damn phone we capture the phone
Collusion, illusion, set it all foe
Plan with me, for your best, let it all go
The beach and the wind you blow
Faden away
And I can't go another day
You make it hard to stay away
Girl you've got me faden away
Girl you've got me faden away
And ain't no other words to say
You make it hard for me to stay
Girl you've got me faden away
Faden Away
It’s so hard to stay with you girl
It’s even harder to play with you girl
It’s so hard to stay with you girl
And even harder to play with you girl
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Faden away
Well it's that slow flow, D-O-double-G, nigga
See these other fools but you can't see me, nigga
Who am I? (It's Kurupt motherfucker)
Do or die (We gives a fuck motherfucker)
So slow your roll, I'm In Control like Janet
The loc-est twenty-one year old nigga that's on this planet
Take it for granted, if ya wanna, cuz I'm gonna
grab my strap then clear the corner, beeotch!!
So all my bitches and my niggaz and my niggaz and my bitches
Wave your motherfuckin hands in the air
And if you don't give a shit
Like we don't give a shit
Wave your motherfuckin fingers in the air
Now on a one, two, three who could it be
Comin with a group of gangsta shit for ninety-three
So ninety-four's arrived nigga, back on up
And let me and my Dogg Kurupt fuck shit up
Now can't nobody see me here or there
wherever I bails, I put it down on the ground
Cuz ain't shit for sale in the Coupe
with the beat flossin off gold D's
And my cousin Snoop packs well, you know what I mean
And it don't take much, for the Dogg Pound to bust a cap
in your ass, for gettin us all fucked up
Now check it, it's a callin for niggaz like Doggs
who supposed to be the shit, but steadily bitchin like hogs
(Yes y'all) Walk the Doggs (yes y'all) Yiggy y'all
Stay full of that gin and juice and have a ball
I packs a strap, like that, I kicks it like this
Now how many bitches must get dick?
Before they say, that Daz is that nigga from back in the day
Ya never ever thought I'd see him bustin with Dr. Dre
Cuz I grips mics, I rips mics in half
Hoes be comin to my flat so I can tap that ass
You're headed my way, nigga you best to hit a U-turn quick
So what's happenin?  I'm cappin shit up like a Western flick
The kinpin of the clique, top notch
17 shot Glock cocked, so all nigga drop
The run of the mill fool get broke off for tryin to serve
the best Kurupt's era, peep the terror, cuz it's a murder fest
I smoke chronic everyday, so what have we
Another motherfucker, gettin served like some cavy
Now who, drops (ruff rhymes) I got full Juice like 2Pac
(plus I'm) rollin with two Glocks
Fly motherfuckers can't see Kurupt
Hellraisin like Pinhead, beware I'm tearin shit the fuck up
Slow your roll, like your legs was broken
Who's jokin?  Rakim never joked, so why should I loc?
Now that's my idol, check the vital rhyme flow doe
Runnin em like Flo Jo, stranded on Death Row
Mediocre motherfuckers die cuz I'm servin it
They can't fuck with or see me I'm mass murderin
Yeah
(I'm raw like new footage) I'm rugged like a BF Goodrich
(Bring your whole set and get your hood lynched)
Peep the murderous styles and the poetical techiques
Check it out, it's Rage, ready for the breakdown
Take down, when it comes to the mic I'm puttin my weight down
And that's 175 pounds of beed
beatin yo' ass down to the concrete
Fool, act like ya know
I'm stranded on Death Row with no where to go, so
What's a girl to do
Take out a crew, or two, a few, what you wanna do?
Throw your guns in the motherfuckin air, we don't care
Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
About nuthin at all, just my Doggs and clockin the grip bitch
Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
That's why I can kick it so tuff, cuz when times get ruff, my
Niggaz don't give a fuck nigga
The clique i'm with, don't give a sheeit, ya know why?
Real niggaz don't give a fuck
These are the tales, the freaky tales
These are the tales that I tell so well
These are the tales, the freaky tales
These are the tales that I tell so well
I met this girl, her name was Joan
She loved the way I rocked on the microphone
When I met Joan, I took her home
She was just like a doggie all on my bone
I met another girl, her name was Ann
All she wanted was to freak with a man
When I met Ann, I shook her hand
We ended up freakin by a garbage can
The next young freak, I met was Red
I took her to my house and she gave me head
She like blowin dicks, is all she said
We jumped in the sheets and we broke my bed
There's another girl, her name is Sherry
You talk about sex and the girl acts scary
I heard she was freakin from my big brother Jerry
Took her to my crib and I popped that cherry
Young and tender, sweet Denise
Get her in the bed and the girl's a beast
I tell you homeboy if you get a piece
She'll only start talkin bout signin a lease
I met a young tender, her name is Lori
An X-Rated movie wouldn't tell her story
She had a twin sister, her name was Lisa
And just like Lori she's a real dick pleaser
My girlfriend's name, was Michelle
Her booty was bigger than the tail on a whale
When I freaked Michelle, I freaked her well
Her pussy got hotter than the flames of Hell
I G'd this girl, her name was Tammi
I didn't wanna do it cause the bitch was ?flantly?
She had a best friend, her name was Janet
I pulled her to the side and I spit that game
I had a lot of freaks, in my lifespan
I freaked one night, with this girl named Pam
The very next day, I saw her with her man
One week passed, and I was in her again
I had an old tender, her name's Jeanine
She was thirty-eight and I was only seventeen
She likes to freak, she's just a fiend
It really didn't matter when I saw her in jeans
I want a big freak, fat and sloppy
I kick on back, and watch the hoe just mop me
Two tons of fun, Big Mad Magenta
A country broad from Alabama
I met this freak, her name was Beth
Her pussy got wet and it smelled like death
I was tired as Hell, I was drippin sweat
but I was all up in her tryin to hold my breath
Bake, and, shake, ups
I met this freak in Vegas
She she said her name was Don-na
She was a ?belt? lil' freak from Chi-na
I said, "I don't pimp, or gigolo
I'm havin so much paper I don't need a hoe
You can break yourself, but you can't break me
You never met a player like Snoop baby"
I knew a dick sucker named Betty Joe
I took her to my house and we did it on the flo'
The girl got freaky let me tell you mo'
She was down on her knees, beggin to blow
She's like another freak, named Renee
You get her all alone and she'll make your day
Like Burger King, she knows the play
and with a freak like Renee you can Have It Your Way
These are the tales, the freaky tales
These are the tales that I tell so well
These are the tales, the freaky tales
These are the tales that I tell so well!
Ai Dogg, let me holla at'cha man
Wuz up home?
Word is on the streets
Your beats gone be delicate since Dre did shake the spea's out,
man.
Delicate? Beats?
So that's what makes me now?
Man, I don't give a fuck about no beat
(Now let me shake that shit man)
(I hear ya Dogg)
(It's a cold, cold thing!)
(It's a cold thing!)
(For real, hmm!)
I got more niggas tryin to get at me than the President do sometimes
Niggas be tryin to get at me cos I be droppin funky rhymes
What the fuck is goin on? This rap game is made to make money
You niggas is taking the shit outta hand, actin' way too funny
Doin too much, y'know I see it from the get-go
What the fuck's goin on wit you niggas, y'all tryin to play a low pro
And tryin ta be hard and tryin ta be big willies or whatever they call it
I guess it's time for me to act just like an alcoholic
And step to the game, I'm a stumble in like I don't know
And if a nigga say somethin wrong, I'm takin off from the get-go
I ain't givin no room to try to get me first
Cos I done been bombed on before and I'ma tell you, man, that's the worst
Fifth in the world, but I'ma keep my thang together
Cos I'ma keep makin money and hope everything is still together
Havin papers, man, now what y'all niggas doin?
All y'all broke on the corner, drinkin your drink, wanna be doin what I'm
doin
But don't get mad and don't be tryin to play-hate
Cos, uhh, takin trips around state to state
Representin, uhh, what y'all wanna represent
But y'all can't represent it cos y'all got no dollars, no cents
I'm movin on, groovin on and I'm movin
Makin more moves than the average Cuban
Tryin ta get G's across the town, tryin ta make more hits
And tryin ta get my game tight and get at your bitch
Now if she wants to get with this, she gone come holla at a player, do'
Cos she know that Snoop Dogg is got that white Rolls Royce
And she wants to jump in, bring a friend
Cos everything is like alphabet, come on in
Come on in and bring a friend and you can come on back
Cos when you do, we gone be sippin on some Cognac
It's on me, I'm feelin good tonight
Cos I'ma do mines and I'ma keep everything tight
I ain't lettin nothin leak cos if thangs leak, then I'm get caught
And I can't get caught cos you know how they do it about that child support
Shit, bitches is cold on a nigga who ain't got his game tight
Gettin 18-point-5 percent, half your life
Shit, I love my baby boy and all
But I ain't gonna be payin no bitch, no no, no way Dogg
I'm too slick on my toes, I'm too tight
I'm guaranteed to get away from some shit like dat, ain't that right
Cos, uhh, when you play in this game you got to be the real player
You can't be no fake ass nigga talkin about you wanna be the man
Cos if you ain't with the game, the game ain't gonna be wit you
And I can put that on everything including you
One of every five black males berfore the year 2000 will be detained or
deceased
No justice, no peace
Yeah the truth hurts, we scared to go to church
Look here, but don't cut it, gettin five points
Step back for a second, I'm puttin less than five to this joint
Hmm, if this is the bomb niggas gonna blow up like Atlanta at the Olympics
Niggas be trippin but I'll be pimpin
I don't be trippin off no nigga at all, no bitches
Just tryin to get money, I don't even be trippin off no switches
I used to like low-riders but now I like Eastsiders
I put it down wit me and make a hit maker, y'knowhatI'msayin?
I love the Lakers now cos now they got Shaq O'Neal
It's time to make a million dollars and that's for real
See we gone blow up and show up and throw up nuttin but Dogg Pound
Give it to ya ta put it down and we'll be round to your town
So just sit in your seats and wait til we come through
Until we do just keep smokin grey and blue
Or whatever you do just stay true to what you do
Cos we gone keep doin what the fuck we got to do
Now, follow me now and listen to the instructions
Cos the game's gonna get deep now, niggas is tryin ta creep
Tryin ta get up on game but they don't wanna be down with the PG
All of a sudden everybody wanna dis DP
Now, what we look like?
Makin y'all diss us, that ain't right
I should get upset but I'ma stay composed
Chill for a second, spit at some hos
Drinkin my drink, smokin my dank
Countin my bank, uhh that shit stank
Stanky bank is what I got cos I'ma keep it
And nah this ain't no motherfuckin secret
Yeah, we're in drought season
Niggas lookin for a reason
It's like thanksgiving without the feast
Yeah the truth hurts, we're scared to go to church
They got me runnin from my life, I'm jumpin gates
They got dogs on my ass, but I'm a Dogg
So I know how to alert and get wit dat shit
The dog run up on me I give him a cold
Like nigga back up off me
He turn around and bite the police, hmm
Game recognise Snoop Dogg too cold, I'm on my toes
I slide in the back of a garage, dippin with this ho
They run right past me, ask me "Have I seen the suspect?"
"Yeah, he went that way", now for the jack
French Inhale, I like the way you French Inhale
Do it Again
French Inhale, I like the way you French Inhale
Do it Again
You don’t gotta sell it, cuz its already sold
And you don’t gotta roll one cuz its already rolled
Check out my technique, just weed let it fold
Shit I’ve been smokin’ since I was 14 years old
I had a dime who never smoked blunts just bowls
Taught me how to blow O’s, inhale threw my nose
So if you see me smoking ‘ blow my high
Uh, so I roll one and we both gonna fly
You smell it all in my clothes
I'm taking in all the smoke when I…
French Inhale, I like the way you French Inhale
Do it Again
French Inhale, I like the way you French Inhale
Do it Again
I take it to the face, inhale it threw my nose
Blowin’ with the homies on the low, man fuck these hoes!
It crackalack, peel it back
Whatcha call that mack who crack a bad bitch like that?
A cracker jack!
I'm like a florist, touring like a tourist
Godzilla flying on a pegasaurus
Niggas know about it, even ‘fore I pull it out
I put some fire on it, and now there beggin me to put it out
I’m in the hallway rolling on the purple syke
I know the in’s and out’s so I’mma do what the fuck I like
French Inhale, I like the way you French Inhale
Do it Again
French Inhale, I like the way you French Inhale
Do it Again
It's time to slow it down, steadily grindin
And this is, the big Doggy Dogg..
And I ain't talkin about no Air Force Ones
I just gotta know, before you let me get some
Do you have a fresh pair of panties on?
I got to know, or you could show, me
Silk cotton see-through lace your sexy thong
I got to know, or you could show, me
Freak-a-leek, peak peak
Let a nigga sneak a few, peek-a-boo
Let's see what we can do
I'm bout freakin you, and sneakin you
Into a quiet place
So I can look at it face to face
Let me guess, you prefer to wear cotton
I can tell, cause you like squattin
Your last dude, he was so rotten
And now your love is to be gotten
Yeah baby girl I can read your mind
But what I'm really tryin to do is ready between your pantylines
I know it seems oh so personal
But I'm just tryin to make you feel real comfortable
I know, so, what will it be?
And the type of underwear you wear I mean it's troublin me
Can I get a glimpse, one for the pimps?
I got one question, answer me this then
You came by the chuuch with a whole lot of body
Got invited to our annual pajama party
Workin that lace, I think it was the French cut
Yeah bitch, you got a big ol' butt
Hidin it, should be dividin it
It's real tight now but I got a way to widen it
And slide in it, real smooth like
with a little bit of Miles Davis to get you in the mood like
zoom boom hit the poom-poom right
Just to get your groove right
I can make it happen, but it can't happen if you ain't good at it
When you gon' let a nigga have a look at it?
Callin all cars, yeah baby girl you a star
But it's on you if you wanna go real far
Now let me get a glimpse, one for the pimps
I, have one question, answer me this
Life is much mo' precious
Than you'll think
Like a game'll make yo chips sink
It's so hard
Hard to trust a smile and face
When niggas got intentions already taking yo place
Keep my head up and stand tall
If I stumble, then I'll fall
Will you pick me up at all?
Will you pick me up at all?
I'm a keep it gangsta till my end
Cause some people do pretend
And ain't too many of us that we can call friends
That we can call friends
Ohhhhhhh
Now all I gotta do is keep my head up
And walk a straight line when fake friends won't mind
But I'm kind-hearted
And don't like being stepped on
If I wasn't real, I wouldn't be in this position
Like that, dogg, I got a whole lot to say
I'm by myself with my rhymes when we kick it all day
Lil' Jay used to say I'd never be nobody
But you know what I never do?
Smoke it off like Gotti
Five million dollar hits puttin in saxophones
Tray Deee & Snoop, we sound good on this microphone
I never threaten nobody to make it happen
Let me show you how we eat a full meal off this rappin'
But if I had a chance to give it back
I'd give it to the ones who helped me do that
Do that, straight from the heart
Eastside till I die
We ain't no contract friends, we doggs for life
It's a trip how we Crip
Suppose the enemies still
With both sides ride causing plenty of tears
Insane's and 20's both from the same city
A bunch of down niggas and it ain't that many
Me, C, and the G can think back to the start
Homies chillin', getting high, shooting craps in the park
And having a heart
To get 'em up if it was beef
Head up like G's, take it out in the street
Hold ya own was the code that I growed to view
So I fucked with and stuck with a chosen few
But Snoop Dogg, you can call me, whatever the case
And homie that ain't nothing that the set could erase
You put me with the homie, Goldie, though we never had spoke
A Insane with a 20, now we hell of a close
And y'all kids, my kids, so we family now
Cause I could never see you doing bad without
And that's real
Life is much mo' precious
Than you'll think
Like a game'll make yo chips sink
It's so hard
Hard to trust a smile and face
When niggas got intentions already taking yo place
Keep my head up and stand tall
If I stumble, then I'll fall
Will you pick me up at all?
Will you pick me up at all?
I'm a keep it gangsta till my end
Cause some people do pretend
And ain't too many of us that we can call friends
That we can call friends...
Get on up to get down
And really go to town
And don't stop till you get enough
I wanna rock with you
Shake your stuff
Yo Yo, Doctor
Everybody hit the floor
Wild out till the security hit the door
I'm dirty
Gorilla paws, bang sugar walls
Hoes wanna pop E, hang with a Dogg
I told my man Snoop
She salmonilla
Got a ho with no dough with condoms with her
I'm a ride to the death of Def Squad on my chest
Look at it crook at it
Rob you and jet
Surprise you and flex
Funk in the Cadillac truck with a chicken, bobbing her neck
You done woke up and ain't trying to sleep
You done called up Hugh Heffer to find the freaks
I'mma stay on the street
I'mma stay saying 'fuck you' behind police
My mamma ain't raise no fool, she love me
That's why she hide my tool inside her room
I'm a jump, bump, throw that ass
Rough sex, I gotta fuck with shoulder pads
I'm like baby powder, ain't nann 'nother
Ain't nann ho getting Redman butter
And my man Gutter, DJ Murder Inc.
Ja know them hoes yo we can't love 'em
Underground the heat yeah I stay buzzing
Mixtapes I'm on the street they stay dubbing
Brick City riding,then 'bout it 'bout it
Shoot up you town then we Bin Ladin hidin'
Meth, show'em where the luger kept
Open your safe, show me where the food and vest
I hope when Dre hear this, he give a beat for ten more
Cause I stay on the corner like squegeemen
Yo Nate Dogg, what's happening y'all
Long Beach, Brick City
Scream at your frog
Everybody shaking
All these hoes around me
She was lost in the land of love
Glad that Nate Dogg found me
Girl you got a phatty
New York back to Cali
You know who got the bomb weed
Long Beach to Brick City
I know just want you want, I got just want you need
Turn that shit around, and back it up on me
Since I was the first, I guess I'll be the last to leave
D-O-double-G, will you keep it gangsta please
I gots to do it
Yes Yes loc', we keep the best smoke
Me and my nigga, my nerve, my kinfolk
I kick a bitch in the ass and then smoke
I'm a motherfucking fool in the pool doing the breaststroke
You want a problem, then lets go
Cause if not I came to disco
And freak this ho from Acopoqo
And flip her inside out, now I'm bout to ride
Let's go we hit the hood slow
Post up, set up shop and press four
Who got the best flow, who got the most dough
Who got the best hoes, nigga you know
Shit its been ten years since I hit some cess smoke
But I still rock a mean coat on the West Coast
In the summertime
And I crumble mine down to the dandelion
Nigga watch how I handle mine
Spiritual, hear we go, hear this
Snoop D-O-double-G, man I'm so fearless
Square biz, you know what time it is
I'm cool on these niggas but I'm hard on a bitch
Now check dis, fact is
Put your back out, now back in
Go head wiggle it round you feeling me now
Girlfriend, you killing them now
The way you shake your booty
It makes me want your booty
The way you shake your booty
Sure looks good to me
Fa shizzle dizzle, its the big Neptizzle
with the Snoopy D-O-Double Jizzle!
...(Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...Hehe, yeah, C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
...Ahaha, C-walk to this (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Bam, boom, watchoo gone do cuz?
Guess I'm rollin in with them baby blue chucks
And I still got my khakis creased
Im still rockin on these beats, and got a bad rep on the streets
Its the S-N-double-O-P, and, biggest dogg of 'em all
and youse a flea, and
and since I got time to drop it for you, I guess I must
and give it to you mother fuckas like bust-a-bust
I keep the heat on deck, but in God we trust
And cant none of yall, fuck wit us
But you can run up on the G but thats not thinkin wisely
these pullas are contagious, just like Ron Isley
(What the hell is goin on? Someone's sleepin in my home)
Snoop to the D-O-Double G
Get in, where you fit in... follow me
Whos the man with that dance? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Who kick the khakis from his pants? (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Keep the lo-lo in the three wheel stance (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
Still rock the gin n juice in hand (Snoop dogg! Snoop Dogg!)
I do it for the G's, and I do it for the hustlaz
Here to annihilate you mark-ass bustas
fuck the police cuz all they wanna do is cuff us
The one nigga is chilly, as if his name was Usher
But I'm still ridin in macks, makin 'em G stacks
and got them corn rows to the back
I aint really tryin to be picky
but if you give me somethin, its got to be the sticky
Doin by the ounces, Lo' lo's bouncin
Ninety doin fakin with kissin on the couchin
Boo to the ouchin, more a fountain
But thats how we get anotha doggy dogg housin
This year we aint fuck wih thousands
We clean with millions and we fly as a falcon
Pull up to the Doggy Dogg Pound, with a car fulla bitches
fuckin grits like Alice
Three 14 inch rims is runnin on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They riding on the side?)
Yeah they runnin on the side!
Take two and pass it, it will not burn you
From the Long Beach chronicles to the Wall Street Journal
They all know the G with the cut in his coupe
Ask Bill Gates (yeah I know the homie Snoop)
Yeah I'm still loaded, hangin wit my folk and
Follow Rakim cause "I Ain't No Joke"
Cause I done seen so much, enuff to have your felons touched
When the gunshots ratta, all ya boys scatta'
Check up on ya homies but they gave ya bad data
Nigga fuckin stop breathin
That is so relievin', and now ya bitches are leavin'
What I say cuz what I say is so real
Homie you don' wanna see da, steel
You dont wanna catch a body, You cant hear the party!
Now thats what you should do, now wheres my baby-boo?
This when you hear
Fruit juice
Number one you know me caboose
In my God then with the fruit that they chose
Fruit juice in my glass you know me cannon loose
Take away my worry my stress and my blues
High level natural vibes what we give in
My princess say she love it when we write pandy rhythm
Natural berry also very good for the system
Some touch, some sweet, you just can't resist them
Sweet sap, knees berry, cantaloupe, soup sop
Pineapple, mango my taste buds tangle
An ice cold beverage in my hunny come hideout
Chillin with my beautiful empress we are stand out
High level natural vibes what we give in
My princess say she love it when we write pandy rhythm
Natural berry also very good for the system
Some touch, some sweet, you just can't resist them
Fruit juice
Number one you know me caboose
In my God then with the fruit that they chose
Fruit juice in my glass you know me cannon loose
Take away my worry my stress and my blues
She sip the beef juice, she really love the medicine
Twink it down slow feel it good vibe settling
The weaker flavours going down
She ordered up another round
Tell me that she feel alright
Walk to Jesus never spy
Feel me grab the juice
She ever held the upper tide
No drink the red bull,
Because she don't believe the hype
Fruit juice
Number one you know me caboose
In my God then with the fruit that they chose
Fruit juice in my glass you know me cannon loose
Take away my worry my stress and my blues
Pick up the empress
Then we come pick up the fruit
Juice got to my sew and they got they fat man
Blues play up they some they carrot and
Root me come then and know me sat me casa
Snoop and the geek on see rock on
Make no you'ta yellin see my juice
Set on down the luta
Set them with the sample
And they are the roota
They my singing down the roota
Don't send me string the roota
Don't wanna no soda poppin my cup
Natural juice with the rhasta pin up
Fruit juice
Number one you know me caboose
In my God then with the fruit that they chose
Fruit juice in my glass you know me cannon loose
Take away my worry my stress and my blues
Mac Minista in defense of the honorable Snoop Dogg
The anti-player has filed and submitted an "alpha"-davit
in the Game Court.  With trumped up charges against
my client Snoop Dogg, Tha Doggfather - for 227 counts
of flexing his G's, popping his P's
dotting his I's and crossing his T's.
The anti-player has filed and submitted an "alpha"-davit
in the Game Court.  With trumped up charges against
my client Snoop Dogg, Tha Doggfather - for 357 counts
of verbal and reckless endangerment
from the million dollar mouthpiece;
and leaving these super-sap suckers,
discombobulated and confused and shook up, like a pair of dice.
The anti-player, has filed and submitted an "alpha"-davit
in the Game Court.  Charging my client Snoop Dogg,
Tha Doggfather - for distributing and manufacturing game.
Crossing state and county lines, with the intent to pimp the system.
Now if you wanna judge Tha Doggfather,
bring him before 12 G's and open up his files
and you will see, that ever since Snoopy was a pup
his tail was straight up - ready to shake rattle and roll
and charge from a hoe to a henchman about his pension.
So all you jerks with them $11 words
comin out of your $2 mouth
about a multi-million dollar Crip
who's got the mind of a bid'ness man, the heart of a tyrant,
and the tongue of a mack - I said,
he's a five-star guerilla Crip, with bars and stars
while you suckers is lookin for stripes.
His game is as sharp as a mosquito's needle;
and with this in mind, I'm gonna ask the Game Court
to grant a motion, of 995 - grounds, of dismissal.
GAME that's my thang
and it ain't no rules when you in this game
Gunblast  echo fast and all I seen was loose cash
I hit the flo' & when they go I make sure I grab all the dough
The Scene: Long Beach yeah '86
Where: The liquor store nigga on some devilish shit
I went in to grab a drink but I came out a felon
my homeboy got away but shit I wasn't tellin'
So I fell in a trap with no getback
they threw away the key and now I'm a OG
In the County jail rappin & bangin' at the same time
and since I don't smoke cigarettes loc
shit I gotta slang mine
And I ain't tryin' to get on swole so I ain't fuckin' with the iron
I got bitches bringin' me money & ain't a godamn thing funny
My homeboy Devil from the HCG and Young Side Trey R.I.P
from the ETG (Eight-Trey) and oh yeah Baby Ken Dawg
from the Westside Four-O's got love for Short and my
homeboy J-Ball from the Seven four ? from that gang
and the homeboy Tracy D from
the big bad ass ese gang them straight killas & they know
I got game & that's real from a trio nigga havin' green
Get yo' hustle on nigga 'fore you end up dead
It's too much paper to get Can ya dig it?
Later on this evening I got a lick nigga is you down wit' it?
Shit...
GAME that's my thang
and it ain't no rules when you in this game
There's ten laws to the game nigga be raised by 'em all
Get ya respect on at all times nigga hustle 'til ya ball
watch them hatas and pretendas and all the shit they do
cause nowadays some of these niggas be bitches too
Keep the business professional get ya heat at all times
keep them snitches on the sideline
cause you know pressure burst the pipeline
Keep ya eyes on ya enemies watch those close to ya
See them outside niggas can't touch ya
it be the ones inside that do ya
Smilin' in ya face but want to take yo' place
fuck around and be playa let's make a deal with the D.A.
Don't be ridin' with no niggas
who ain't sure if he gon' get down
cause it only take a split second
to get ya buck buck and lay down
Hesitation'll buy ya fate get that ass all caught up
ya little homey might be cool
if them other two priors ain't brought up
Remember took time to kill smash and don't give a fuck
Be a hog about ya papers straight hungry for that der come up
Respect the game feel what the soldier talkin' about
If you got to be in that game stack ya change
and get the fuck out!
GAME that's my thang
and it ain't no rules when you in this game
Game recognize game ?? kickin' back smokin' Mary Jane
I'm gettin' high in the game my little
homey popped him with the cane
Some niggas only in it for the fame
Niggas ain't ready for the game
if you ain't down then get the fuck out the game
or represent yo' thang
Ghosttown LB SB Brookfield 76 Folktown & the 90's
Twomp twomp put yo' guns up
when the tank dogg roll up who got the weed nigga hold up
I'm the King of Oakland nigga raise up
I ain't givin' a fuck I'm still ?hugged?
cause my down South niggas show me love
and the muthafuckin' gifts dancin' in the club
That's game
GAME that's my thang
and it ain't no rules when you in this game
Steady Mobbin', D O double G, ain't No Limit to that shit
Nigga Carlos on the beat Beats By The Pound
'Bout 3:34 in the morning don't even matter
We puffin' all night, straight game, game.
I got all my game from my momma yeah
a nigga didn't gave me none of this shit that's real.
Wanna say what up to my momma, for givin'
me all this game...
West Coast... it's time to stand up nigga
We gon' unite 'round this motherfucker one time
I'm callin' every real Crip nigga
and every real B-Dogg, to the table right now
Yeah... we gon' push a real line right now
See if y'all with this real gangsta guerrilla shit
Have you ever seen 100,000 Rip riders from the side
Blue Chuck's, blue rags, grey clouds, blue skies
On the move, can't lose, Hill Street blues
Niggaz gotta pay they dues on the crews or with the uzi spray
these suckas then I cruise, my granny saw it on the news
She shook up, look up and then she put me on the move
I tried to get away, but I couldn't get far
Cause the homies had the loop-loop that night at King Park
And I got into a squab, got caught and went to jail
Straight to the County with no motherfuckin' bail
4800 with this Crippin', oh well
My big homie Boy Blue snatched me by my coattail
He said trip Dogg, ya better get right, Crip right
Eyes open 'cause niggaz get stuck on seez-ight
It ain't no motherfuckin' problem - pop-pop, tick-tock
Never flip-flop, 20 Crippin' til I drop
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
So whooot, so whooot, so whooot, so whooot
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
So whooot, so whooot, so whooot, so whooot
Ca-rip
Is I, in the motherfuckin' S-5
With the red bandana double knotted 'round the rearview
Niggaz see clear through, they know that it's Game
Cherry red Lowenhart's let 'em know that I bang
So bang, like Snoop in "Deep Cover"
I got the seat reclined, fo-five under the white-T, smothered
Dippin' down Green Leaf, I ain't got no enemies
Been shot five times, now I bleed Hennessy
And bang for my niggaz locked up, they can't stop us
It ain't a gangsta party 'til we go and dig Pac up
I'm Dr. Martin Luther King with two guns on
Hughey P. Lewis with Air Force One's on
I gangbang but I'm the opposite of Tookie Williams
Red Lambo', red bandana print ceilin'
Me and Snoop got the West Coast locked
Red and blue rag tied in a knot
With all my motherfuckin' homies yellin' out
So whooot, so whooot, so whooot, so whooot
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
So whooot, so whooot, so whooot, so whooot
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
I ran outta gas in Long Beach, I'm stuck
Ain't no Bloods and all I see is blue Chuck's
Hopped out the '6-trey, nowhere to go
Til' Snoop pulled up in that Pittsburgh Steeler '6-4
We "Just Dippin", one Bloodin' one Crippin'
I'm on that Bulls shit, throwback Scott' Pippen
Moral is, my bandana hangin' from the left side
So if you ain't a Crip or a Blood, just throw up Westside
(What up Blood?) Yeah cuz, we just tippin'
Me and Game doin' thangs, switchin' lanes, Hurricanes on my feet
Stop, and C-Walk to the beat
Game, take the wheel and turn on 21st Street
Eastside LBC, gun in my hand
It's the turf by the surf but we don't play in the sand
We just - slip and slide out, we Rip and ride out
Let it C known, nigga welcome to the Thunderdome
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
So whooot, so whooot, so whooot, so whooot
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
So whooot, so whooot, so whooot, so whooot
So whooot, so whooot, so whooot, so whooot
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip...
I'm not down with the Republican Party
Or the Democratic Party
I represent the Gangsta Party
The Gangsta Party?
Yes, sir
I ain't no gang bang rookie, let that thang bang fully
I'm a boss out here on the West
Killa Coast is my home, rich rollin' on my throne
With my blue bandana on my neck
Girl, come fuck with Snoop
Sign up on my team, there's a little room left
Girl, you heard all my songs
Steady long, steady wrong, don't get yo' ass left
Church on the move, nigger
Now go and hit the turf with the news, nigger
I got some advice for you new niggers
You wanna be in the league, well, tell 'em who sent ya
Snoop, D-O-double G
Hoes with double D's in line to juggle these
Snoop, twistin' up the O-G
About a whole P until I O-D
Snoop, the one they all wanna come to see
Hoes lovin' me, you niggers wanna be
Snoop, even Bloods fuck with cuz
I hit the club, they all showin' me love
They like, "Snoop Dogg"
"Can I get yo' autograph?
What's up with that D.P.G., Doggystyle and Aftermath?"
I just laugh while I'm twistin' up another zag
Bad bitches kissin' in the tub, takin' bubble baths
I ain't no gang bang rookie, police tryin' to book me
I'ma modern day Tookie on the set
I got the whole party poppin', see you hater niggers
Jockin' all these ice cold diamonds on my chest
They see my whole team thuggin'
Now they mean muggin' but that don't mean nothin'
'Cause if it's a problem I pull the problem solver
Call it 38 revolver, put an end to all this drama
I'm top dollar with the gold flea collar
Get them girls, get them dollars, get them zeroes, get them commas
Yeah, it's time to get this change, guess I'm like Obama
But I'ma stay the same on my motherfuckin' momma, I'm
Snoop, D-O-double G
Hoes with double D's in line to juggle these
Snoop, twistin' up the O-G
About a whole P until I O-D
Snoop, the one they all wanna come to see
Hoes lovin' me, you niggers wanna be
Snoop, even Bloods fuck with cuz
I hit the club, they all showin' me love
They like, "Snoop Dogg"
Two of the loc'est
Long Beach, Eastside's the place to be
Skinny side, lil' head honcho
Feel the young guap game
And you already know what it is
I ain't no gang bang rookie, y'all just tryin' to overlook me
Long Beach, Eastside when I ride, Skinny side get real low
And I tell them I got violent acts, son, I be shoppin' on the set
Let me hop on any hoe
Let a bitch hit me up for some brain blow
If nigger's didn't know, I'm 'bout cake though
D.P.G., Young Pilot fuck with Snoop
O.G. what a young man
15, got hated like a grown man
Weed money, that's me, who I fuck with
When I was young, my mom said I looked like
Snoop and we ridin' in a Coupe
And the top back, Doggystyle, bangin' out, motherfuckin'
Snoop, two-one, what it do?
I got an older chick, I'ma take to her my big homey
Snoop and I'm thinkin' crystal clear
Diamonds on my neck, shinin' like a chandelier like
Snoop, even Bloods fuck with cuz
Damn, I can't believe I'm in the club with big Snoop
Young Pilot
Snoop, are you still basically a gangster?
That's a figure of speech but you know, I like usin' that word
Is it G-A-N-G-S-T-E-R or G-A-N-G-S-T-A?
Say it, Larry, say it like you mean it, gangsta
Say it like you mean it, Larry, gangsta
Get ready (get ready), back by popular demand (he's back) Snoop Dogg! (yo)
(one, two, check up)
One, two, check up
yeah one, two check up
Teddy with the one, two check up
Dogg back up in this muthafucka, hoes know how to act up in this muthafucka, they know I make
it crack up in this muthafucka, all blue chucks and my chakkies in this muthafucka, I'm lookin'
for a thick one, he can't brown, she lookin' for the slim one, loves to go down she say she
like the big one, meet her right now do you know i gotta get one? to give me brain like a G,
she loves my hair pressed like the cleaners, and got a friend named Treana, you see her from
behind you think they venised in serina now thats my kinda bitch, take your clothes off damn
baby kinda thick, loves Snoopy blue yeah I'm the type of Crip and niggas abouta dip till she
hit me with this trip.
no i never met another gangsta like you, im not really sure but I think I'd like to give you
my number to my celluar phone, give a cold strike when you take me home
girl, you will never meet a gangsta like me, we can do our thang but you can't be wifey come
on let the Doggy boy give you a bone and at the ends of the night I'll take you home
I live with my two-step, got two friends we can have group sex, nigga from the 2-1, tall 'n
skinny and always got blue on, say I make cool songs, my nasty video made her do porn, and she
go real far still can't belive that she's talkin' to a real star, popped on me real hard and
threw that back shot on me real hard, royal penis is clean I'm king like the boulevard, Dogg do
his thing got her feelin' like a superstar, wanna share her feelings with her friends, tell her
husband that theres another man, and she say that I made her fall in love, I had to shake her
fast like I wasn't when I was, a pimp from the beach, gator shoes on my feet, got my game from
the streets, never been for a freak, had the nerve to ask for money when i beat it up, I looked
at the bitch like cuz.
The homie say cuz don't do it to it, you gon' have to always to it to it, she be creepin' to
your hotel, sayin' that she won't tell, knowin' one night won't do it for you, you konw I got
that gangsta, make you wanna tell my momma thank ya, then give me all your paper, every time I
play ya Snoop Dogg playa playa, I'm always with a bad bitch, you can say I got a bad bitch have
it, see a bad bitch is like a fat blunt, I got one but you know I gotta grab it, so lil' momma
what's happenin' let me know if you tryin' to get it crackin' wanna chill when ya down for the
smashin', it's American Gangster mr. Blue Magic.
Trick these a pac stay breazy up in the club blowin' trees with (Snoop) cool lava poppin'
enboddas rockin' T.R. I'm at the base go (blow) I'm in a truck and I ain't stoppin' straight to
my yaught let's get it poppin' cool lava poppin' enboddas rockin' T.R. I'm at the base go
(blow)
you get it?
Radio Killa, Big Snoop D O dub
The American Dream
Ayo nephew, come up off them keys
Sing a lil' somethin' for the ladies
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
Let 'em know how we feelin' right now
Every time I go around, shawty love me down
Run off on me like click clack, throw it out like take that
She make it do what it do when we doin'
What we do in back of the 'Lac, I'm like I'm up all for that
And every night her body gets strapped how 'bout
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
Gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta love
Yeah, she love it the way I put it on her
Blowin' trees, summer breeze, sippin' Corona
Lost dog I give it to her right and she like it
She on the hip like a psychic, izzy
One of the coolest of fool on the flow
I whispered in her ear, come here you ready to go?
I bowled up a winna and put it up in the air
Got that low dress on you comin' up outta there, yeah
She like that, you like that
You say you bite, well, I bite back
And I'm all go, we can do it till tomorrow
I beat it up like Harpo
Snoopy, I go hard, baby, yes
Kissin' on yo' chest and I'm diggin' out your stress
I won't stop till yo' finished
But you ain't felt love till a gangsta get up in it, Dream
Every time I go around, shawty love me down
Run off on me like click clack, throw it out like take that
She make it do what it do when we doin'
What we do in back of the 'Lac, I'm like I'm up all for that
And every night her body gets strapped how 'bout
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
Gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta love
She always cold in the middle of the night
'Cause I'm a dogg, I'm a give her what she like
She say my name loud, I say her name low
That's what I aim fo', that's how the game go
Baby like the way I wake her up
'Cause I'm a gangsta, I grab her by the butt
Pull her to my side, I'm in deep
Woke that ass up just to put her to sleep
Everyday is the same thang, I creep in
It's like true blood, I sink my teeth in
I gotta have it, the LB raisement
We was taught to dig 'em down crazy
Lights out, I'm so lit
Mama's so gone, daddy won't quit
I won't stop till you're finished
But you ain't felt love till a gangsta get up in it, Dream
Every time I go around, shawty love me down
Run off on me like click clack, throw it out like take that
She make it do what it do when we doin'
What we do in back of the 'Lac, I'm like I'm up all for that
And every night her body gets strapped how 'bout
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
Gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta love
This the life that you show
The loop, the coop, the grows
Anything goes
It's so good got her wigglin' her toes
The boss, the dream
The floss, the cream
The trips overseas
All these things really don't mean a thing
When I'm tearin' that ass up workin' you like a shift
I give it to you like a gift
You hear what that boy say, you wouldn't jack, give it up fast
Then I hit it from the back
Snoopy you're so good, she screamin' and I like that girl
She off in another world
I ain't stop till you're finished
She love this gangsta especially when I'm in it, Dream
Every time I go around, shawty love me down
Run off on me like click clack, throw it out like take that
She make it do what it do when we doin'
What we do in back of the 'Lac, I'm like I'm up all for that
And every night her body gets strapped how 'bout
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
Gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta love
Gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta, gang, gangsta
Gangsta, gang, gangsta
That gangsta love
Yeah. Anotha Dogg House production. My nigga Meech roll it.
Wussup. We movin solo for the 9-9, 9-8, ya heard me?
Too many flees, too many bustaz. We doin this shit solo.
Dig it:
Cold game (cold game), new twist (new twist).
My niggaz step back and let me do this (do this)
Cuz I'm that 5-0 with em, getting 5-0's, sittin getting in the wind
For all my homies in the pen
It's back on
My backbone, my wife in my life & down wit a nigga before my paper was tite.
Boo, you's a real bitch
I write that real shit
That them niggaz just got to get with
I bounce in and out of town just like a basketball player
Pass weed with the G's
And pass laws with the mayors
See, that's the difference between
You, me, and him
Nigga, I'm Silk the Slim
With the feather in his brim
I swim under water and don't get wet
Then bounce back to the hood and C-walk the set
I keep it gangsta all the time
An you can ask the Doug, Insanes, and One-9
Cuz I'm:
Born gangsta, stays on the move (Keep it tru, dawgz)
Dogg Pound just for the fuck of it (Dogg Pound!)
Born gangsta, keepin it true
None of y'all can stop me now
Cuz I'm havin papers now (Dogg Pound!)
I stay on em like cop cars
Man, you watch your rabid-ass nine
Tryin to stop cars hoo-bangin this fast-lane game
It ain't a thang
I was learnin this game when you was servin your cane
It's where my shit's at
Flip rats tryin to get some get-back
Sit back, an holla at a playa bout: cold game
I stay Bout It (Bout It)
A bitch'll have you crossed up
An niggaz get you crossed out
I cant hang and bang wit y'all no more y'all niggaz flossed out
An papers what I'm all about
It's down that bullshit roll with y'all or take the baller
I take the baller out, he take the small amount
Long-term big shit
That's what I'm all about
Call em out, stall em out
Fuck em, I twist em
The hardhead never listen
They never recognize and they never pay attention
I stay G, and by the way did I mention: young nigga
Born gangsta, stays on the move (Move on, move on)
Dogg Pound just for the fuck of it (D-P-G: Dogg Pound!)
Born gangsta, keepin it true
None of y'all can stop me now
Cuz I'm havin papers now (Get cha money, get cha money: Dogg Pound!)
A-B-C-D-P-G-C
Ain't no L-I-M-I-to the T (Ain't No Limit)
I'm fuckin wit G's that's makin moves with thugs
You still catch me hangin out
In the muthafuckin club
One love (One love, nigga!), sippin Moet
Holla'in at cha bitch (Beeyatch!)
All by my lonely, cuz I don't give a shit
C-walkin on the dance floor, throwin up DP (Dogg Pound!)
An ain't nobody gon' fuck with me
Cuz I'm a Tru Tank Dogg
With big bank, y'all
Let's sample down with Snoop an watch us come back an spank y'all (Woo!)
Keepin high, stay on top
I'm #1 with a bullet and I'm back on top (Back on top!)
(Say what?) Hunter proof, gold tooth with the diamond in the middle
Roll-model millionaire gangsta ass nigga
We steady mobbin while we lynchin
Stay independent, on a mission
By the way did I mention? (Keep it gangsta, nigga!)
Born gangsta, stays on the move (Move on, Move on)
Dogg Pound just for the fuck of it (D-P-G: Dogg Pound!)
Born gangsta keepin it true (Keep it real, dawg)
None of y'all can stop me now (Yeah, stop that)
Cuz I'm havin papers now (Stop that: Dogg Pound!)
Born gangsta, stays on the move (Stay on the move, move on)
Dogg Pound just for the fuck of it (D-P-G: Dogg Pound!)
Born gangsta keepin it true
None of y'all can stop me now (Stop that)
Cuz I'm havin papers now (Yeah: Dogg Pound! You Know!)
Another Dogg House production. My nigga Meech on the beat. Got another smoke
just goin down, that's how it goes.
Gotta say wussup to all my niggaz in the house
My nigga Meech in the house
Yeah, Chop-Chop from the AGB
Yeah, GoldieLox
An the LBC
Warren G
Aww yeah
Kiddie Banks from the LBC
JC
Aww yeah
From the big LB
This how we do it y'all, DPG
And we out:.
It's a gangsta gangsta ride
On the nutty danger side
As we ride, dip and slippin
Take your mind, on a high
Yo yo, from that DPG nigga to the CP3
Back to the house, East to the West
Now take it BACK to the South
You know.. how I switch my flow
If I'm lapsin you glad niggaz'll get mad then, hit the flo'
Gotta bag me some dank so I, hit the sto'
In the winter it's the Hummer for the summer it's the, six-fo'
Got niggaz mad at me (why?)  Cause they can't get no six
Bitches upset with me (why?)  Cause they can't get no dick
I'ma be on top of the game whether I'm, broke or rich
I don't stop once I'm on top I just drop mo' hits
I'm in the club with the thug, I just pop mo' Crist'
Tell Snoop to get the Coupe his new shit I just, gots to go get
Cause when I cock my shit, usually I pop my shit
Tell all you teary eyed females gettin over-offended
cause I don't jock no chick
I'm the Boss, and I don't follow no person, I follow Jesus
Y'all blame a bunch of kids, so I gotta roll my Adidas
Boom bam as I step in the jam, god damn
Don't need no introduction, cause you know who I am
The S-N-double-O-P, the only, fo' sho'
Now motherfuckers let me hear you say hoe
I spit ya, spat at ya, whoot wham, get at ya
Rider, I threw a slider, right at ya
Mash ya, gat ya, drip-drop the hatchet
Keep the party crackin, while I'm steady rappin
This game we run, y'all know what's happenin
We back in effect, we got the heat on deck
I'm slidin down South with a blunt in my mouth
I catch a plane out East and try to make some peace
I'm hangin with my niggaz in the projects
The homie's throwin a party, I gotta get back West
Oh yeah -- that's right, we are the best
No Limit DPG Southwest connects, ya feel me?
Keep it gangsta
Keep it gangsta, keep it gangsta dogg
Keep it, keep it gangsta dogg
Yeah, we keep it gangsta dogg
Fo' sho', we keep it gangsta dogg, what?
Yeah, I wanna say whattup to all them gangstas
out there on the Eastisde
(on the Southside, on the Northside) Yeah
(on the Westside)
Y'all niggaz need to point the guns in the right directions
Ya know, ya heard?
(Uncle Snoop Dogg.)
Yo' whassup, whassup.
(Could you read us a bedtime story?)
Alright, alright.
Ya'll get my ash tray, get my lighter.
I'm a read ya'll a gangsta bedtime story.
Come here, sit on my lap.
(Okay.)
Check it out.
Great scotts, it's hot today
He ran up out of bullets so I shot him in his chest
He fell to the floor with his hands in the air
His vision gettin blurry but you know I didn't care
Peck, peck, he tried to stay on deck
So I ran up on this nigga and I shot him in his neck
Shooting like a muthafuckin vietnam vet
Riding on this nigga disrepectin my set
No stranger to danger ain't no warning shots
On the hood gettin hot, anybody can drop
You better have a spot up in town my nigga
Cause please believe it, it can go down my nigga
Caught up in some traffic behind some hood rat
Grease strikes you out with no get back
Wishing for a steak eatin on a Kit Kat
And your bitch ain't shit the little homie hit that
Sit back and go see, take a trip up with me
Let's go get a stick nigga dip with me
We can ride on some niggas for nuthin at all
Even if we cool with 'em, fuck 'em let's go get 'em
LBC in this muthafucka cuz
I had to show these niggas what time it was
We got thugs, cons, drugs and guns
We claiming everything nigga, even dimes and doves
Have you ever slapped a bitch to mack your grip
Or better yet, strapped a clip
To a muthafuckin' nine millimeter for heater
And put the ride down out of G two seater
You need a nigga like me to get your game like that
Young nigga, you could get a smack for that
I'm that nigga who brought the afro back
And pat your back and then I turn around and snatch your sack
Before I came out niggas was wearing slack
I brought the curl back and the golf hat
The black poker sack and this skandelous raps
The one eight seven kidnaps and jacks
I brought snaps to the game nigga
Raps to the game nigga, I'm that big rap name nigga
S-N double O-P fa sho
I do my thang way cut throat on the downlow
Oh once upon a time in the LBC
There lived a OG from the DPG
And all the little kids looked up to him
All the women stayed true to him, police tried to do him
But couldn't do nothing to him cause he's like stainless steel
And all they hated on him because he was way to real
I don't know why but he's just so fly
But I gotta end this story by saying goodnight
Say man.. lemme-lemme get a light homey (Yeah!)
Aye.. aye Timbo.. this yo' crippin cousin Snoop Dogg cuzz! (Yeah!)
I told you we gotta get gorilla on this one right here man
Take 'em to the zoo!
To the L.A. zoo, take these niggaz to the L.A. zoo
A hah! Yeah nigga.. 'bout to get..
Ain't shit crazy in here in a long time (Snoop Dogg!)
Dig this... uh..
I need a light, let me step up in this motherfucker 'til I get it right
(Get it right Dogg!)
I need a light, let me lean, make it bright, everythang is dynamite
(Ahhhh true!)
Bust a bitch, tryna feel like a pimp would
It's Snoop D O Double G, I'm in ya neighborhood
I make it crack-a-lack, do it just like that
Take a sip of this, nigga have a puff of that
You had enough of that? Yeah, give it right back
Now lay ya head back and roll in the Cadillac
How we do what we do, what it is, where it's goin down.. and the
motherfuckers flip it
Rip it, get specific, and dip it and then they drip it
'Cause you know we like to pop it 'cause you talkin so different
Fix your Focus and ride.. I want the bangers to bang
Or get hyphy with my niggaz up north by the Bay
Tryna twist in my whip, I got the big body Benz
'Cause I'm rollin with my nephew and we smokin again
"Turn your music down low, man yo' shit too loud!"
What the fuck you talkin 'bout, I put my gun in yo' mouth nigga! (in yo' mouth!)
Niggaz better get it right
Let me get a light, nigga let me get a light! (Get it right Dogg!)
Yeah, better get it right
Nigga let me get a light, homey let me get a light!
To get it tight they gotta get a light
Well, to get it tight they gotta get a liggghhht! (Get it right Dogg!)
To get it tight they gotta get a light
No, to get it tight they gotta get a liggghhht!
Hip-Hop! I ball like a split end, I'm all like I been in
I'm tryna put my bid in
Rip ride and try to keep it all hid in
Slide to the left and let yo' G homey get in
Gloccs of Velveeta, yep I'm off the meter
Ride by and see ya with my hands on a heater
Wanna be like the O but you act like a hoe
Gotta lot of Patron, with a shot of the malt
Wanna be's wanna beef like nine-ninety nine
You wanna battle me? You better learn how to rhyme
Boys stop tweakin 'fore I light up the place
What he say? Who you talkin 'bout? I'm right in ya face
Aye! Aye! Baby girl you know we hit the coot a lot
Me and my nephews, yeah, we stayin true to life
They get the party live, Dogg is the motivator
Rockin the block socket and knockin down the player haters
Yeah nigga.. you better know, it's incredible, unforgettable
Yeah, I bet I'm slow and I bet I'm low
We at the L.A. zoo, I'm whylin out like an ambulance!
Lemme get a light nigga! (Snoop Dogg and Jr. Gong)
Lemme get a light man! Real talk man..
It's yo' uncle, Snoop D O Double G, bangin down yo' do' with my nephew Timbo! (Yeah!)
You know how we be! I.. indo, ooohhhwee, somethin brand new.. y'know what I mean?
Get it right nigga! ("Get it right Dogg!") Real spit cuzz...
Beatin down yo' do' for the '06
Comin back with some gorilla shit
Beatin down yo' do' for the '06
Comin at you niggaz with gorilla shit
Yeah nigga.. some gorilla shit
Yo... see ya!
(Get it right Dogg!)
West, west y'all!
Gotta get away
Gotta get away
To a place I love
To a place I love
Gotta get away
Gotta get away
To a place I love
To a place I love
‘Cause when them boys in my shooting
They I’m missing on a dark play
‘Cause when you at them and tell them
And the gun fill them belly
And grown enough so you can be the last living crew for
The euphoria, the euphoria
Shoot
Gotta get away
Gotta get away
To a place I love
To a place I love
You gonna have to jump on it
You gonna have to lift it
You gonna have to jump on it
You gonna have to lift it
You gonna have to jump on it
You gonna have to lift it
You gonna have to jump on it
You gonna have to lift it
‘Cause when you at them and tell them
And the gun fill them belly
And grown enough so you can be the last living crew for
The euphoria , the euphoria
Shoot
Gotta get away
Gotta get away
To a place I love
To a place I love
Gotta get away
Gotta get away
To a place I love
To a place I love
Gotta get away
Gotta get away
To a place I love
To a place I love
(LBC, New orleans ha ha) Yo dog, uh
Sup P?
(Ha ha) That's some real shit where the hot boys at,
Where the hot girls at
Ya heard me?
The game is to be sold not to be told, ha ha
Now this No Limit shit, No Limit nigga
Everbody wanna know how this shit happens, but we ain't playa hatin
And what's goin on, but ya know what?
It don't  get no realer than this though dog
West-side niggas gettin bout it, UNGH!
I said East-side niggas gettin rowdy, UNGH!
Mid-west niggas gettin bout it, UNGH!
South-side niggas gettin rowdy, UNGH! (yea)
Fuck that man,da game is to be sold, not to be told, 1st things 1st
I'm a gangsta, nigga, so I'ma roll
Ya got to get bout it or without it
I had to shake the spot cause the game got crowded
I'm devoted and quote it, I'm rowdy and bout it
A No Limit Soldier, and happy to shout it
Got this tank on my neck, got my tech. on deck
I slap raps at your caps and try to make my snaps
Nick-Nack patty-wack big happy sack, the dealer is back
And I'm ridin' through your neighborhood dippin' in my Cadillac
I'm sellin this shit, I ain't tellin this shit
I'm a mutha fuckin 2-time felon ya bitch
From the cold hearted streets of the LBC
To a mansion in the south down the street from my nigga P
See, real niggas recognize the realness
Put ya mutha fuckin choppers up if ya feel this
(Bust one) Now bust one(gun shot) Not just one
And if ya want some get some, I bet we got some
Bustas discuss us, niggas poppin all the Ying-Yang
Still the Dogg Pound Gang (DPG, Man)
Beats still funky, Beats by the Pound in the house,
At the mutha fuckin door
(Gettin rowwwdy) Everybody in the game, say the same
Is Snoop's still that gang bang cocaine nigga slangin everythang
I'm tryin to get as much as I need
While I fuck with these out of town hoes blowin all they weed (shut up)
Parlayin, so whatcha sayin
Bring a couple buddies witcha, girl we ain't playin
Baby must miss read me, cause she miss lead me
Has some niggas come by later (what?) and try to spray me (bitch)
But I'm just to quick, slick and sly
When it's time to ride I let the bullets fly cause it's do or die(die die...)
I wear blue 7 days out the week (for life)
I mob the street, DP, while I'm holdin my heat
I wanna warn you, shit they got killers on the East, Mid-West, up North, down
South in California
So if you got your chrome, you need to stay in the zone
And get a vest for your mutha fuckin dome
Cause it's on like a dog with out his bone
I'm in it to win it and No Limit is my home (for life for life)
Nigga, real niggas recognize the realness
Put ya mutha fuckin choppers up if ya feel this
(Bust one) Now bust one(gun shot) Not just one
And if ya want some get some,(what up what up) I bet we got some (got some)
Nigga, bout it bout it ha ha
Snoop Dogg, Master P, and the whole No Limit mutha fuckin family nigga
From the South to the West to the East to the middle
To the mutha fuckin WORLD!
Ha ha real niggas and bitches unite
Yeah....
This is another story about dogs
For the dog that don't pee on trees, is a bitch
So says Snoop Dogg, get your pooper scooper
Cuz the nigga's talkin shit
Aroof!
I'm sippin on Tanqueray
with my my mind on my money and my mouth in the ganjahy
R-A-G to the motherfuckin E
Back with my nigga S-N double O-P
Yeah, and ya don't stop
Rage in effect I just begun to rock
I said yeah, and you don't quit
Hey yo Rage would you please drop some gangsta shit
I rock ruff and stuff with my Afro Puffs
Handcuffed as I bust bout to tear shit up
Oh what did ya think I, could never think I
Would be the one to make you blink out, I catch you like Inca
Never will there ever be another like me
Um you can play the left, cuz it ain't no right in me
Out the picture out the frame out the box I knock em all
Smack em out the park, like A Friendly Game of Baseball
Grand, slam, yes I am
Kickin up dust and I don't give a god DAMN
Cuz I'm that lyrical murderer
Pleading guilty, you know for my skills I'm about to be
Filthy large, Rage in charge
You know what's happenin don't try to play large
this ain't no Rerun, see hun, don't ya wanna be one
A cover, word to wreck ya, cause I never get my vocals
I'm loco, close to Constatanople, uhhh!
I'll make 'em go coo-coo for my Cocoa
puffin stuff, aiyyo Snoop, you're up
Let these niggaz know that niggaz don't give a fuck!
This is just a small introduction to the G Funk Era
Everyday of my life I take a glimpse in the mirror
And I see motherfuckers tryin to be like me
Every since I put it down with the D-R-E
Foamin at the mouth and waggin his tail
Searchin through the yards with a keen sense of smell
Lookin for the business in heat
And when he find it he'll be sniffin her seat
We travel in packs and we do it from the back
How else can you get to the booty?
We do it Doggystyle, all the while we do it Doggystyle
Yo motherfuckin hoes!!!
He fucked the fleas off a bitch
He shaked the ticks off his dick
And in the booty, he buries his motherfuckin bone
And if there's any left over
He'll roll over and take a doggy bag home
Damn, that Tanqueray is talkin to a nigga
I ain't bullshittin, one of y'all niggaz gotta get it
Man I got ta piss
Breath test?
Yo nephew, give me some of that No Limit shit
Yeah..
We got my nigga Fiend in the house
C-Murder in this motherfucker
Mystikal all up in this bitch
Goldie Loc, hm-hmm
My nephew Silkk the Shocker
Oh yeah, we got somethin for the ladies too
Mia X, run this bitch
Lyrical arsonist, lady alligator
Down South, hustler, former weight smuggler
I'm Mother, of the Tank, gave birth to an army
Guerilla millionaires, so don't even ask, if you wanna
get to clappin, soldier action specialty of style
We made the whole world respect the underground while
some of y'all niggaz talk shit and get mad
Cause we did it with a foot up your ass, and it's still there
I cares not about your click or the block
I'm still that same bitch to run up in your spot and knock you off
Broad, with the cause (yeah) bitch on a mission
Keep them niggaz by they nuts while you hoes be dick kissin
Missin the game, damn bitch it's written in plain ebonics
So shake that come-up off you brain and do the knowledge
Mia X, kickin off the ghetto symphony
Next soldier up, tell em who the FUCK you be
WHUT?  It's Fiend y'all
Put me in the ring with real MC's, and watch em run for cover
and hidin in trees, to escape the mic that I breathe on
Bleed on, exceed on!
Weak rappers with titles after twelve
Hit a bell that's what I'll feed on!
Microphone Don, walkin flesh, talkin bomb
Bringin harm, to the calm, and, them be alarmed
It's the African, oh, you wanna battle again?
I'll turn, you and your mans, to my yesterday plans
Oh damn, totin two pistols like Yosemite Sam
Old man be grand, loud as the Southern band
Pickups and caravans, the soldier, that could, that can
I would be the man, but Dogg beat me to them plans
Next up, on the M-I-C
C-Murder, get busy for the symphony
I be's that nigga on the tank, always trippin never slippin
Have you reminiscin and missin, that fool in your picture
Call me Bossalinie BITCH without the Mo's at shows
And FUCK dose who oppose (why?) we runnin them hoes
three-hundred and sixty-five motherfuckin days a year
I have your fool staggerin just like a bottle of beer
You niggaz runnin from the cops, well I ain't runnin no mo'
I flip the bird when I swerve, man, FUCK them hoes
I'm crazy my nagga, but uh, I thought y'all knew that, shit
Oh you ain't see the news?  Shit I'm the nigga with the TRU tat
Ask my nigga Keno, shit, I just don't give a fuck
And if you run up wrong, I'ma fuck you up, you bitch you
Next up, on the M-I-C
Silkk the Shocker get busy on the symphony
Now would I COME THIS FAR FUCKER?  If I didn't sound like a hit
Y'all didn't know what the fuck y'all thinkin bout
You sound like a bitch (beotch!)
Shit it sound like a wish, you know when you got a motherfuckin hit,
bitch??  When it sound like this!
Or you fake niggaz get enough heart, and try to bust a
rhyme at this click
Fuck around and miss, then fuck around and get
found in a ditch
Gotta labels give me dough, when they find I can, gross this much
Freestyle shit, you can tell em I ain't, wrote this stuff
Silkk the Shocker, KLC perv and mash like, Snoop and Dre nigga
Y'all can relate to ??? ??? get a contract like, MJ nigga
Nigga where you from?  You sweata, FUCK YOU AT?
N-O-L-I-M-I-T, Top Dogg, and I'm FUCKIN with that
Next up, on the M-I-C
Mystikal get busy on the symphony
WHOO SHIT MOTHERFUCKER GOD DAMN!!
I keep it HYYYYYYPE, BITCH I'M THE MAN!
When the FUCK you ever heard somebody say that they don't say my song
or that I don't roll on every fuckin person RAPPIN ON
(That nigga Mystikal tighter than a muh'fucker) HAHHHHH?
I came up off of _Peter Piper_ bells and the LL's _Bad_
??Nee?? nigga to be pissed off with me
cause their old lady they call me their baby
MC's pilin up and crowdin up, but I'm their FAVORITE
The type to fly buyin a Z-28 IROC
And chop you in your motherfuckin face (HIII-YAH)
Your album ain't tite, WHAT IN THE FUCK IS YOU PUSHIN?
You played out just like old woman pussy
Next up, on the M-I-C
Goldie Loc, get busy on the symphony
Now watch me put these haters to the test, accumulatin with my stress
Fold em fuck em fifty, get the shit up off my chest
Releasin anger, all natural gangsta energy
Goldie Loc the name, Dogg House game
Motherfuckers better start backin up (whattup whattup)
We in the Tank punk busters, motherfuckers don't wanna see us loc'd up
Little Goldie Loc, Goldie Locks the same thang
Smashin for the hood, cause I wanted to gangbang
Last up, I believe that's me
Snoop Dogg, light up the mic for the symphony
This jam is dedicated to all non-optimistics
That thought I wasn't comin, out with some exquisite, rhymes
But that's OK, cause now I'm back
To kill all the rumors, and straighten the facts
Like umm, doin bad, gettin ganked for my bank
Now you all on my dick when you see I'm TRU Tank Dogg
You say, "Mmmm mmm mmm!  Ain't that somethin
Dogg I bought yo' album, my nigga, that shit is bumpin
I apologize, I'm sorry for the drama
Can I get your autograph for my baby momma?"
Shit I'm settin it off, lettin it off, bustin
Hustlin, rushin, dustin motherfuckers
Droppin the heat, lock up the street, we 'posed to
I put this pistol in your mouth, now what you gon' do?
Top of the line, first class
I pop a cap in yo' ass, then pop some more in the glass
Too legit to quit, I'm spittin gangsta shit
Man fuck all that yappin, we bout that gun clappin
No Limit, yeah, that's what's happenin
Fuck all that yappin, we bout that gun clappin
Yeah
In the real world, talk is cheap
Actions speak louder than words
No Limit Records, here to protect and serve
Heah hah hah!
I'm serious nigga one of y'all niggaz got this ass motherfuckin up
Aiy baby, aiy baby... aiy baby get some bubblegum in this motherfucker
Steady long, steady long nigga
With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kinda hard bein Snoop D-O-double-G
But I, somehow, some way
Keep comin up with funky ass shit like every single day
May I, kick a little something for the G's (yeah)
and, make a few ends as (yeah!) I breeze, through
Two in the mornin and the party's still jumpin
cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the living room gettin it on
and, they ain't leavin til six in the mornin (six in the mornin)
So what you wanna do, sheeeit
I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what) we don't love them hoes, yeah!
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Now, that, I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this types of shit, happens all the time
You got to get yours but fool I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listenin to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
who listens, to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
and get to mackin to this bitch named Sadie (Sadie?)
She used to be the homeboy's lady (Oh, that bitch)
Eighty degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-T's, cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound, feel the breeze
beeeitch, I'm just
Later on that day
My homey Dr. Dre came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J, of some bubonic chronic that made me choke
Shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stoppin, I'm still poppin
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me, not with a cherry on top
Cause when I bust my nut, I'm raisin up off the cot
Don't get upset girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you hoes, I'm out the do'
And I'll be
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Rollin down the street, smokin indo, sippin on gin and juice (beeotch!!)
Laid back (with my mind on my money and my money on my mind)
Ahh-haaa
Get your motherfuckin' glass, cus it's a blast from the past
You didn't think would touch it two times nigga
Gin and Juice up in this bitch, yahhh
Some of that Beats By the Pound flavor, you feel me (you heard me)
Get your ice, get your cups, Cus we about to get fucked up in here
Yah (yah), Straight up, Uhmm (uhmm), Yah (yah)
I'm still smokin', driftin', swifta than a mothafucka
Twisted off a cup of that 'ole ignat juice
Heated in the seat cup fulla drank
Beatin' up the block in the dark blue tank
Bullet proof vest on my chest for the cause
Diggin' in my draws for dem muthafuckin' laws
Harrassin' a nigga, blastin' a nigga
I ain't seen shit, so why you askin' nigga
To fucked up off that G-I and juice,
C-I get loose, nigga what chall wanna do
I got a crew, but I choose to roll solo
Especially on Sundays dippin' in my low-low
Convertable top, spot for the glock, I ain't fuckin' with the hen dogg
So toss out the soda pop.
Put my shit on three wheels for thrills
I hit a corner and make sure my drink don't spill, that's real
Rollin down the street, with heat
Drankin', ???, Sittin' on D's
Top rolled back so I can feel the breeze
Never slippin', I keep my eyes on my enemies
Now trip dis', I'm on Interstate 10 fuckin' with this Creole
She said she knows NINO, now stop me loc
Cup of that Gin and Juice, I blank a bitch out
Then turn the bitch out, look here
There ain't no need for you to be wastin' my time
See I picked you up, now I'm gunna stick you up, And dick you up!
Give you what you need, then bring you back down to reality
With that California weed, she seemed trouble at first
And then it got worse, cus now I got my hand up and down her mini-skirt
Twerkin' that shit while riddin' up the highway
Doin' it my way, hella highway, the fly way
Swervin' in another lane, tryin' to maintain
And baby girl steady takin' dick to the brain
Now it ain't no thing, cus she swallowed it up
Then she wanted to take a puff, I said "Look here bitch you've had
enough"
Somebody say, I wanna get fucked up
(Say What, Say What)
Come on, Now
Everybody say, I wanna get fucked up
(What Chew Say, What Chew Say) YAH
I'm hopped by the ice cream shop, The cops saw me, stopped me, heard me
Were's Serv-D, well serve me, since you got that big bad ass dangle
Nigga you know I'm know for havin' that big ass bank
Tryin' to find all your dope, cus your a smoker
I'll find that indo weed even when I'm on the East Coast
Cus times gettin' hard on the boulevard, but I refuse to loose ?!?!?!
Lil' Jimmy's sent me something, I need to cop something
Got Some (Got Some), I know you got some
Nigga stop frontin', get at your boy
Hook it up like Master P (Ughh)
Would it be a tragedy to fill me the best weed
If I didnt have no dough would you love me, if we didnt have a place to go would you still be
There or would you leave me alone when the chips are down,or would you stay around, and lay down,
Oh girl,
I gotta have a chick like you,
I gotta have a girl like you,
I gotta have a chick like you,
I gotta have a girl like you,
Oh yeah who that is standing there like that looking from the front but I can see whats in the
Back, hips like oh, eyes like oh, pretty toes in a row and they be looking like wow
I dont know nephew lets just do what we do, lets just slide up on thise hoes and put this pimpn to use,
(agree) and then what we do (what we do) you take the one in the white I'll take the one in
The blue
Hey yo I dont know if you been told but you look like you should be gold, youre so preasus the
Way you shape up im just hear to help you step youre game up you look like you might ride for me
Hop in front of the bullet and die for me cause when I fly you be fly and when I fly to other
Countries you goin fly with me
Now as the night wines down and the weed gets down, playas till playing and im still on the
Floor, I groove to the beat untill my feet get tired I just want to be youre dessire, eva caneva
Best beliva youre not a dime pice youre a diva take it from me you can be the O.N.E if you roll
With me
If looks were the case babygirl id be a federal the top perfect incredible the bottom
As editble uh I aint telling you what I heard man im telling you what I know and I aint telling
Her what to say but where to go, but if she wants we can take trip down with the homie d-o double
G and if she wants we can form a lil down if its low key yes we would go down
Clap your hands everybody,
Everybody claps your hands, and if you came to party with the d-o double g and the n-e double l-y band, I saied clap your hand everybody,
Everybody clap your hands, and if you came to party with the d-o double g and the n-e double l-y band
Let cho' mind not be confused
If you can walk this walk nigga take my shoes
New fools, you fools, these fools, all y'all
talkin bad about me, and my motherfuckin dawg
He ain't trippin, I ain't trippin, but y'all niggaz still dissin
To me, some of these suckers'll never get it
Full clip and if I miss it I'ma tip it on the Crip
and DoggHouse in your mouth, now tell me how you livin
Who the villain, you the villain?  Nigga Ren is "The Villain"
My homey from the C-P-T, cold chillin
Now as time flies by I see the game gettin mo' reala
as I get mo' scrilla, can you dig it?
I always tend to come widdit
Gravy train on your brain, nigga come get it
I'm too young to retire, I'm havin fun wit it
See when you learn what to do with it, I'll be done with it
Come with it
Go.. (just go away).. go a-way!
Niggaz can't be trusted
Just come back another day
Niggaz be on bitch shit
Just go far, a-way
Niggaz get it twisted
Just go a-way..
Now she said she don't like a G
Well listen here bitch, get the fuck from 'round me
You thought you was bout to get a drink on me?
I put hands on you bitch like Suga Free
I always let a bitch know her boundaries
Same with a nigga, I treat him like a flea
You claim to be, you aim to be in my spot
Motherfucker - you will get popped (BLAOW)
Not, knowin who you fuckin wit, niggaz be on bitch shit
Nigga we be fuckin quick, nigga we ain't talkin shit
When the heat speak, niggaz be on bitch shit
Tryin to get somewhere, coverin up they biscuit
And then he in the club, all up on my dilznick
But when I leave, you niggaz pullin trick shit
But it's cool, cause niggaz gonna miss this
Cause I'ma keep it all business, what is this?
I said let yo' mind not be confused
If you can walk this walk nigga take my shoes
You fools, these fools, new fools, all y'all
talkin bad about me, and my motherfuckin dawg
He ain't trippin, I ain't trippin, but y'all niggaz still dissin
Look here Meech, some of these niggaz'll never get it
Full clip and if I miss it I'ma tip it on the Crip
and DoggHouse in your mouth, now tell me how you livin
Who the villain, you the villain?  Nigga Ren is "The Villain"
My homey from the C-P-T, cold chillin
Now as time fly I see the game gettin mo' reala
as I get mo' scrilla, can you dig it?
I always tend to come widdit
Gravy train on your brain, nigga come get it
Too young to retire, I'm havin fun wit it
When you learn what to do with it I'll be done with it
Come with it
Yeah I'm bout to go far away
So far you might not see me
My nigga Meech on the beat
We takin over this motherfucker, ha ha!
And they thought we fell off
Fell all up in your motherfuckin ass
Be-ii-ee-ii-itch!
KoKane - aww that's funky right there
Puttin it back on the map
Uhh, let me hear some dawg
Ahhh, as we take your mind
to a dimension you never thought existed
Josey Wales was known for robbin trains and things
layin everybody down for diamond rings and chains
It remains the same in the year you live in, see
Cos if I pull out some heat, nigga, you'll go kick in
And that's just the rules set by the fool from the ol' school
When it's time to duel, you get two men
Two heaters, one street, one clock
and when it strike twelve one of y'all gon' drop
If you're quick on the draw you're gon' see the morgue
but if you're too slow
I catch you on the downlow (Oh no)
Oh no, you mean The Kid, shit's real
I ain't no John Wayne, these niggas gangbang
The Four Horsemen, that's the click I'm wit
You mean the little bitty niggas with the itchy trigger fingers
Yeah, we're on a mission ta Kansas, slippin thru Texas
We stopped at Bonanza to get us some hot cakes
bacon and eggs, and then we slip in the whorehouse to get us some leg
Hop back on the horses, enforcers of courses
The niggas in black, the fearless Four Horsemen
Searchin for this location on the map
The gold rush, baby, got ta have it (I gots ta have it)
It feels just like it's 1865
and a trigger look-a-day is how I ride
On and on and on it's more strange
Time to heat, shootin range
Quick with the heat on their hip
Young Jesse James come to test your aim
I seen you at th e Wild Horny Corral
I hearda ya name
Tha forcify, nigga you ain't never lie
Besides I'm in the mood so at high noon we ride
From coast to coast, niggas mash on every stage coach
My disciples with rifles lethal in whole posts
The off-the-rocker roller coaster
On a six-shooter holster
with DPG on every Wanted poster
Let me think about which bank to gank
which fellow ta shoot and which teller to shank
I want all the shit you got in stacks
attached to this skirt in the corner
so I snatched the bitch in the back
The Dogg in me feels for the lust
but the hogg in me makes me wanna bust
Back to the drawin down board
Nowadays we drawn down more
To survive thru all the round wards
Battle up or saddle up and shake the scene
or get'cha pockets shaken, clean the slugs in ya spleen
I can't help it, I'm heartless, ya can't hack it
With my six-shooters on my hips and dusty jacket
Like that cock back
quick to pull my strap
Just to put the Horsemen on the map
(The gold rush)
Born is Doggystyle, individual, James got the hots
I got the six shots for all the plans and plots
I gots lots o' cash stashed in money bags
Worthy workers for all the Russian blabbermouths and gags
I got stacks so my stacks excell
Hop in the coach wit my twelve Clydesdales and bells
I'm on the move, smooth, to my decoy horse
A 30-30 on my side to shoot a nigga o' course
It ain't no stoppin young Josey
Box all the nosey
Headed to the saloon with my platoon where all the hos be
Left a dusty trail, bailed in swell
Gold spurs on the Gators, set back the clientele
Oh well, for the recop I drop my bet
Divide between my homies and ride the sunset
Two sacks o' money from the train heist
They ain't even counted it up
just mounted it up
Rode west toward the coaster, six-shooters in the holster
Pass thru a run-down town whose walls hold my poster
Closer I get ta death which is every second makes me sweat
so I gotta have what I can get
Heard word about the gold rush and headed West
on my white horsey with three straps in my napsack
Giddy up, the next town I rode thru
I had to threaten to blow their city up
Undebts with Chief Black, caught five miles west
sell us some beads and hail us some weed
He offered me a toke
he didn't have a 20 he had they beads-pipe smoke
I almost choked
Break him for the get, right, I'm off into the sunset
tryin ta reach my destiny fast
It's these two bags o' cash
44's cocked I ain't makin no mo' stops
till I hit the spot, I made it twelve on the dot
I slid off my boots, counted my loot
Five minutes after the strike of midnight
I counted 200 Gs, I cocked my strap and slept tight
(At the gold rush, at the gold rush
at the gold rush, at the gold rush
at the, at the, at the)
She was just a groupie (She just a groupie)
She was just a groupie
She was just a groupie (All she wanted was Snoopy)
She was just a groupie (Just a groupie)
She was just a groupie
She was just a groupie (All she wanted just was Snoopy)
She was just a groupie (Yeah just a groupie)
She was just a groupie
Beeyatch! (Beeyatch!)
I come thru with the humps, I thump tha shit out'cha block
I'm on alert for the cops, be on alert for the cop
Spot us some hos, tooted my horn at the bitch
??? ever skaty, my team ya's the shit
Fifteen's humpin, dropped the top, she moaned
countin my dough, purchased a 50 of some bomb indo floss
In South Central I'm on my way to the East Side
We high, blazin like crazy, we don't know why
feelin good as fuck on a hot ass day
and it's a pujam right around the way
Niggas got hos but ladies in the world
they wanna play wit their minds like little girls
I twirled my fingers in the air
rubbed my fingers thru my hair
Red bones to black bones
dark bows to red bows
Skinny girls come a dime-a-dozen
but I play hos like plenty-leany cos I get greedy
It's all about game cos when the game
is hard to maintain for so long, man
From Long Beach, California, from Tulsa, Oklahoma
Tonight *?warnin the award is?* from Mississippi, I know ya
hold the key to unlock the door
From long clothes she rolls with gold thangs we ridin for sure
So tell me how much money can one playa make? (make)
and how much o' ya ass can one nigga break?
You're just a gigolo (you know)
To the heart you're just gigolo (you know)
I was off in Vallejo
pullin hos like Idaho potatoes
What am I to do when life as a G
bein from where I be, DPG
It's manifico
ran into this pretty ass skirt, Mexican-Puerto Rico
mixed with a sprinkle of black
So I'ma approach her like dat
and let her know where I ride and reside at
My zone the place that I call home
is the Wall from Philadelphia, the room
Picture me ay
entrepenuer with my nigga D-A
Rockin tours and we still young boys
They got bitches, they got some bomb ass niggas
She used ta put em on his bomb ass dick
She always talked some bomb ass shit
She used to blow some bomb ass dick
That's right
Someone's at my door, baby who could it be?
Someone wants to score and get laid by the D-O-double G
Hey girl, what's your name? Ya wanna go a couple rounds with me
I told her Nate Dogg is just the same but she kept screamin out Snoopy
What's up baby, my name is Warren
I'm down with the Pound
cos I get around
So let me scoop you, swoop you and take you
Gimme a chance and I'ma break you
down to the very last compound
with my homies from Tha Dogg Pound
Now you know and I know
Rule number one, you can't trust no ho
Now you can get caught up in the mix real fast
The ho gon' slip away and get away with all your cash
You got to stay upon your toes when it come to hos
I bust a brand new ho in every video
That's on the Pound and the Row when the wind blow
I pass a ho to my kinfolk
and then smoke
She say she was no groupie, coochie lookin juicy
She say she never ate a dick before but she gon' do me
Right before she do me, I blaze up a lupi
then turn on some Snoopy and, uhh, heat up jacuzzi
and later on I might just turn on a movie
so you can regroupie and redo me just for Snoopy
There's roaches and shit in this motherfucker in here
I forgot about this
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas, now back to the Gz
This is for the Gz, and this is for the Hustlas
This is for the hustlas now back to the Gz
Freeze, at ease, now let me drop some more of them keys
It's 19-9-tre so let me just play
it's Snoop Dogg, I'm on the mic, I'm back with Dr. Dre
But this time I'ma hit yo' ass with a touch
To leave motherfuckers in a daze, fucked up
So sit back relax new jacks get smacked
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg I'm at the top of the stack
I don't lack for a second, and I'm still checkin
The dopest motherfucker that ya hearin on the record
it's me, ya see, S-N-double-O-P
D-O-double-G-Y, the D-O-double-G
I'm fly as a falcon, soarin through the sky
And I'm high till I dizzie, rizzide
So check it, I get busy, I make your head dizzy
I blow up your mouth like I was Dizzy Gillespie
I'm crazy, you can't phase me
I'm the S oh yes, I'm fresh, I don't fuck with the stress
I'm all about the chronic, bionic ya see
Every single day, chillin with the D-O-double-G's
P-O-U-N-D that's my clique, my crew
Ya fuck with us, we gots to fuck you up
I thought ya knew, but yet and still
Ya wanna get real, now it's time to peel, ya say chill
and feel, the motherfuckin realism
Snoop Doggy Dogg is on the mic i'm hittin hard as steel nigga
How many hoes in your motherfuckin group
Wanna take a ride in my 7-8 Coupe, DeVille
Chill, as i take you on a trip
where them niggaz ride, and slide, you know about the East Side
Niggaz like myself, here to show you where it's at
With my hoes on my side, and my strap on my back
Papers I stack daily, and Death Row is still the label that pays me
but you know how that goes
We flow toe for toe, if you ain't on the Row
Fuck you and your hoe, really doe, so check it
It's Snoop Doggy Dogg on the solo tip
Still clockin grip, and really don't give a sheeit
about nuttin at all, just my Doggs, steppin through the fog
and i'm still gonna fade em all
With the gangsta shit that keeps ya hangin
How many hoes in ninety-four will I be bangin?
Every single one, to get the job done
As I dip, skip, flip, right back to two one
Where the sun be shinin and i be ryhmin
It's me, Snoop D-O-double-G, and I'm climbin
I come creepin through the fog with my saggin Dukes
East Side, Long Beach, in a 7-8 Coupe DeBille
I'm rollin with the G Funk, bumpin in my shit and it don't quit
So drop it on the one motherfucker put together that set
A nigga with a grip of that gangsta shit
With the Eastside hoes on my motherfuckin dick
And the Compton niggaz all about to set trip
Swing it back, bring it back, just like this
And if you with my shit, then blaze up another spliff
And keep the motherfuckin blunt in your pocket loc
Cuz Doggy Dogg is all about the zig zag smoke
See it's a West coast thing, where I'm from
And if you want some, get some, bad enough, take some
But watch the gun by my side
Because it represents me and the motherfuckin East Side
So bow down to the bow wow, cause bow wow
yippie yo, you can't see my flow
My shit is dope, original, now you know
And can't no hood fuck with Death Rizzow
Like a hon mama work just trying to get by (hey yea)
And enough get to you so they still want no get no bly (he he he)
Just keep on the hustle 'cause we have to stay pon the grind (he he yea)
Don't give up on yo dreams 'cause you know the sun will shine (he he he)
The sun will shine
I'm tired in the morning, too late at night
See mama scraping for nickles and dimes
On the salary she's making we can barely survive
Tell me is these something greater in this life?
Wait, said mama
Patience, said mama
Breaking down is not an option
Make it happen somehow
Like a hon mama work just trying to get by (hey yea)
And enough get to you so they still want no get no bly (he he he)
Just keep on the hustle 'cause we have to stay pon the grind (he he yea)
Don't give up on yo dreams 'cause you know the sun will shine (he he he)
The sun will shine
How much more can my mama take?
Now I've got to step up to the play
Can't afford to make mistakes
Ain't no time to waste
Wait, said mama
Patience, said mama
Breaking down is not an option
Make it happen somehow
Like a hon mama work just trying to get by (hey yea)
And enough get to you so they still want no get no bly (he he he)
Just keep on the hustle 'cause we have to stay pon the grind (he he yea)
Don't give up on yo dreams 'cause you know the sun will shine (he he he)
The sun will shine
To hold in since, damn I make it so hard
From California straight to New York
From Chicago going straight to her yard
People everywhere, them everywhere, can I stry?
Can't get a piece so be fly your body borderline
Everywhere I go them facing much harder times
They know the grass feel greener pon the other side
But me still want see one we can't find
Like a hon mama work just trying to get by (hey yea)
And enough get to you so they still want no get no bly (he he he)
Just keep on the hustle 'cause we have to stay pon the grind (he he yea)
Don't give up on yo dreams 'cause you know the sun will shine (he he he)
The sun will shine
DPG, is down with us
X to the Z, is down with us
D-R-E, is down with us
My nigga Kokane, is down with us
Eastside gang is, down with us
Niggas talkin shit, I'm gettin ready to bust
I'm number one (one, one, one)
With a bullet motherfuckers
I got this Henn in my cup
And this Buddah got me stuck
I'm just trying to compose myself (compose myself)
I don't know why I act this way
I just wanna be left alone
I'm just trying to enjoy myself (enjoy myself)
Aww naw (who is it?)
It's motherfuckin' Snoop Dogg
I live the fast life, where ya keep ya cash tight
In broad daylight, walkin' wit ya flashlight
Addin' up what ya brought in from last night
She mad tight with mad bite (is that right?)
Bad lil bitches on my tizeam (tizeam)
Nigga, that's the American drizeam (wha-wha-wha-what)
Pussy broke the President (yeah it did)
And pussy made a pimp rich (yeah it did)
I live like 'em both as I smoke on my dope
On my boat...thumbin' through c-notes
Now here's a toast to the coast
Cuz we doin' it the most (we doin' it the most)
Playa playa high costs
Uno, dos, I'm bout to get ghost
Stackin what ya mackin D-O-double G
The shit ya doin' is so lovely
The haters hate cuz they will never be
There ain't no limit to this melody (melody)
You niggas sippin on that jealousy (jealousy)
I pour a tall glass of Hennesey (want some?)
Do you wanna have a sip with me?
Or would you rather try and trip with me? (trip with me?)
Put ya cups on the table and your hands in the air
And touch your brim to the side, that's only if you a player
And all the ladies in this motherfucker acting up
Don't hurt nobody when you back it up
Cuz we came here to have a good time
Me and my niggas in the sunshine (sunshine)
On 3 wheels with one 9 (ya know)
It's time to shine, the world is mine (the world is mine)
I never ever dropped a dime (shiiit)
Nigga might cop a dime
Never hesitate to pop a 9 (bah!)
And always come up with the proper line
Stick to the script bitch I'm hurtin shit (hurtin shit)
Let me show you motherfuckers what I'm workin with
(what you workin with?)
Don't need no water to go with your order
And you aint got to smuggle the shit up over the border
Affordable, sportable, unbelievable, feasible, and reasonable
We leavin' 'em low
Cuz me and my loc, keep big leaves of smoke
Gallons of Hennesey and 16 liters of coke
He done drank and she done smoked
The meters are broke, we put the V to the note
I brought the weed to smoke
And Dr. Dre, he hooked the beat up, indeed it was dope
Stackin what ya mackin D-O-double G
The shit ya doin' is so lovely
The haters hate cuz they can never be
There ain't no limit to this melody (melody)
You niggas sippin on that jealousy (jealousy)
I pour a tall glass of Hennesey (Hennesey)
Do you wanna have a sip with me? (sip with me?)
Or would you rather try and trip with me? (trip with me?)
Put ya cups on the table and your hands in the air
And touch your brim to the side, that's only if you a player
And all the ladies in this motherfucker acting up
Don't hurt nobody when you back it up
Cuz we came here to have a good time
Me and my niggas in the sunshine (sunshine)
On 3 wheels with one 9 (ya know)
Yeah
Shaquille O'Neal, is down with us
Look half dead, is down with us
My nigga Mel-Man, is down with us
And eastside Watts, is down with us
The whole crip car, is down with us
My niggas on the four yard, I'm givin it up
We number one (one, one, one)
With a bullet motherfuckers
Show no fear, we made it clear
That the warriors are comming and we no play
We at war with the army of haters
And when we kill em we just smoke 'em like papers
Somebody get me my crown cuz I'm feeling it now
You might be a lord; but here comes the king
Here I come a steppin inna the dance
Here I come a steppin inna the dance
Posted up the wall here inna mi stance
Posted up the wall here inna mi stance
We never fail, we only shine with brilliance
One king one faith one religion
And if you hear me come and join the revolution
One king one faith one religion
And if you hear me come and join the revolution
We at war with the army of haters
And when we kill em we just smoke em like papers
Somebody get me my crown cuz I'm feeling it now
You might be a lord; but here comes the king
You might be a lord; but here comes the king
They gonna love me
Call me black chutney
All gold chrome with the diamonds in the back
Lil homies in the front don't know how to act
We comin deep and you never see us smiling
10 million strong and it will rumble when we are riding
Two shots up for my africans
Been around the world and back again
Feel so good gotta let me in
Power to the people let em kiss the ring
Bow - here comes the king
We at war with the army of haters
And when we kill em we just smoke em like papers
Somebody get me my crown cuz I'm feeling it now
You might be a lord; but here comes the king
You might be a lord; but here comes the king
They know me in japan and pakistan
Ganja makes me lord of all the land
I'm royalty no need for me to wear a crowm
Born a rebel then I became a man
I heard a voice, he said that I would understand
One king one faith one religion
And if you love me come and join the revolution
One king one faith one religion
And if you love me come and join the revolution
We at war with the army of haters
And when we kill em we just smoke em like papers
Somebody get me my crown cuz I'm feeling it now
You might be a lord; but here comes the king
You might be a lord; but here comes the king
Big Mac, Big Sack, Like This, Like That
Big Man on Campus, I’ll be Right Back
Like Mike, Like Max, My Life, My Fight
Menace
Mo’ business in the beginning
But hoes stupid
But ended up bein a chemist
24/7, Dev, my nigga committed
Classmates
Ended up as my roll dog
I showed him how to live
How to ball till we fall
Harder it is, make you much smarter dog
Follow instructions, changed up the dialogue
Manifest, no stress
Life is a big test
Will you fail? Or will you pass?
Smoke grass, trim trees
Tryin to find some air to breath
Messed up, please baby, baby please
Diplomas, Gowns, Caps and Degrees
These are necessities
In life ya need
Some gone and did it
Focus, Committed
15 years later, the year a nigga finally did it
Now who’s to say in life is up, slow down?
And when you get up, you gotta get down.
And when you get up, look around
And don’t frown on the ones that down
Just give ‘em a hand
It’s like mix and fixin up pots and pans
Listen up, I’m poppin up like rockin the band
No playin, all from the heart to the hand
We gon roll it, smoke it, and do it again.
I’m the apprentice
Back on my pimp shit
Roll it, puff it, now give it to him
Physical fitness
Smokin’ relentless
Nouns and pronouns, they make up my sentence
High School days. Blowin on the purple haze
High School days. Blowin on the purple haze
And you know everywhere that we go if it’s there for its Mac then we blow it by the O
Niggas know me for rollin’ the OGs on someone low key, twistin a whole bush
And if I got it, then you can get it; it’s on us
Smoke so much product that they prolly give me my own kush
We blow it by the zone
Break down, blow it at a bone
Take you to my crib and show you how to roll, bro
And my pockets lookin kinda swole
Me and Mac smoking Grade A on a roll
Now all of the teachers on us
They can have contact cuz I keep diplomas
Car automatic don’t need the key to start it
Know it’s us juzt cuz of the weed aroma
Lookin for me, nigga, I’m in the tree department
With a doobie rolled up in a secret compartment
Tryin to finish up this speech and get my diploma
So I can a career where my OG can harvest
And my niggas can ball
I’m talkin so much weed that there’s shit in the walls
It start growing the spring and get picked in the fall
I’m used to goin to every class, but I’m missin them all
Fuckin with Mac, smoking spliffs in the hall
Singing this song like
Niggas know me, blowin on the OG
Niggas know me, blowin on the OG
Niggas know me
High School Niggas
Dev and Mac, Mac and Dev
Put it in a Zag
Put it in a Blunt
Do what you want
Yeah Yeah
Eyo Dâm, let me take 'em high real quick, real high
I wanna get high wit' you, I wanna get high wit' you,
I wanna get high wit' you, if that's what you want me to, now blaze up
I wanna get high wit' you, I'm gonna get high wit' you,
I wanna get high wit' you, if that's what you want me to, so blaze up
Roll one, pass it around, puff puff pass, till it come back, baby this dogg pound, I found my neck with my nephew Dam, simple and plain, so put the blunt to the flame, easy now, light that bleazy, *pow*, the whole roomie go for smoke, take a quick flicc' with my kinfo, and now I am so gone of dope, feelin' fly, don't ask me why, just roll to the rhytm of my lullaby, mama I, can't stop, and I won't get up in the morning with a stretch and some yawnin', headin to my throne, starts my day off, I gotta get the pay off, homie stay off my grass, high for you, and I'mma do what I'm sposed to if you want me to
Green trees, blue skies, full moons, and cherry pies, baseball games and barbeques, and all the little things that we love to do, the party dont start till the quarter to two, and baby gon' do what I want her to, all crondo, indo combo, oh yes thats the all kush combo, I need the weed man, pronto, I need it so bad, 'bout to black out, pull a pack out, now I'm in the strip club gettin' my known, 'bout to pull a whole rack out, Oh Boy!
I'll be the real McCoy, shootin' my shop like a rhinestone cowboy, up, up and away, puff, puff and amaze, in the days, is blunts and jays
Yeah.. so funky..
Niggaz hit the pavement, when I come thru slow
in a six-fo', hangin out the window
Niggaz hit the pavement, when I fall thru the club
Chuckin up the dub on you scrubs
Niggaz hit the pavemment, D-F on the beat
If you don't work, then you don't eat
Niggaz hit the pavement, real true statement
Grind 'til they pay me, real niggaz hit the pavemennt
I'm in the coke white BM
Just clocked in at 11 p.m.
Uh, while I'm blowin my meds
Most of y'all niggaz prob'ly goin to bed
I'm out in the red, comin back home with the bread
Handle my medal, Hansel & Gretel
Cheese, keys, breeze, and settle
This shit hot like a pot or a kettle
Droppin Cs' for the Gs, poppin my Ps'
Dottin my Is' while crossin my Ts'
Me and Dam spittin game, doin shows overseas
40 years old, have no fuckin enemies
Check cheddar, ber-etta let 'em mo' wetter
If you knew better then you'll prol'ly do better
Act like you know, know not better know better
Cause..
I live with a maid
Won't be happy 'til my whole team paid
From my momma to my daddy to my kids to my wife
And all my kinfolks in the afterlife
I'm chillin on the moon like Mac Tonight
Bigg Snoop Dogg got 'em actin like
Money is the key to end all your woes
Mo' money, mo' hoes
Keep mashin with this funk y'all, keep mashin
Keep mashin with this funk y'all, keep mashin
Keep mashin with this funk y'all, keep mashin
Keep mashin with this funk y'all, keep mashin
(Niggaz hit the pavement)
Dogg Pound
Don Colion, whatever, whatever, Dogg Pound, East Side
Don Colion, whatever, whatever, Dogg Pound, East Side
Don Colion, whatever, whatever, Dogg Pound, East Side
For all my homies with the eight tray wigs (ride on)
And all the playas in the '79 Coupes (ride on)
For all of my gang affiliates in tha hoppin' '68
This ones from me to you (ride on)
Well, not the Under Dogg, call me the Wonder Dogg
I keep it crackin' while I'm stackin' in this game called rappin'
Now I kick up my feet like I kick a rhyme to a beat
And everytime you see me on the streets ,I gots some heat
Hell, yeah, then pass the beat
And everybody wanna know what's up with me and Master P (ughh)
For your concern, you knew there wann't no gimmick
When I got into some gangsta shit and told you wann't No Limit
To the thangs I'm gon' do
Now it's really goin' down with the DPGC
Well, Daz did the beat, and Kurupt got the heat
And Tray Dee, he laid the hook and Supafly played the keys (woo, woo)
Ughh, it get no realer than this from the LB to the Down South
Add more killers to this entourage
South, West, oh, yes
We in charge and we'll pull your cards
No disrespect or disregards
Life in the big LB is gettin' hard (so what)
So my squad gon' mob and drop bombs
Bring me along, we causin' everybody harm
I make ya scream (ahhhhhh)
I make ya shout (ooooohhh)
C'mon all you partyin' people
Let me turn ya out
Cuz you know I'm all about
The hoes, money, and clout
And I rock a Long Beach City (heyyyyyy)
All the way down South
Can you feel me?
I can dig it
Hoes- Take me to the bridge
Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg (who)
Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg (what)
Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg (who)
Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg
Whether in a Khaki suit or a pimped stripe
I'm a G for G and nuttin' else for life
You can bet your bottom biscuit
You get twisted if you dwellin' in my felon intuition (what up)
Tha Doggfather is a household name
>From basketball to alcohol, everybody love the Dogg
I'm sure Billy King probably got a Doggystyle tape
Somewhere hidden in his briefcase
Newsweek, Rolling Stone, major magazines
Dope fiends, prom queens, we too clean
Take a look you ain't ever seen
One hip-hop rapstar drop this West Coast rap-cord
Back to the spot up top
West Hills for real, give it up to him (WC)
A who bang with diamond
Take a hit with big Lajeezy before he found some wheezy
With blue Colion playin' in the backround
On the behind line with big style
Hitting P, LIG tell him let it go
Game strong, no longer in the roll
Just a few names from the respected files
LBC styles, DPG ale
I bought a house with a lake in the back
My big holey stack just like that
Hey yo, Soopafly
These niggaz act like they don't know my motherfuckin' name (gangsta)
Hmm...ain't that a trip
Now I put half these niggaz on (ain't that something)
Snoop D-O double G (from the DP)
Niggaz wasn't even rapping till I came out
You know what I'm sayin?
Y'all know what time it is
Every nigga in this rap game, to the dope game
Now I got the hook up on the dodo, for sure tho'
But I'm not a weed seller, but a crocka sack beller
A rap star plus a 2 time felon
Sellin' phones out the trunk I mix G with funk
I put it all together, and rock it till it chump
Then bag it up and sag it up and then serve
I'm always on the pager, never on the curb
I'm big time, get mine, stay down for the grizind
I keep it gangsta, nigga, all the tizime
Ask them niggaz, from way down South (who?)
The boys right there with the gold in they mouth
They'll tell ya (tell ya)
There ain't no bullshit to sell ya
Snoop D-O double G who wannabes wannabe
I got love for my folkers out in 'Lejo
And all my soldiers gettin' busy down in N-O
Gangsta's, get respect from me
And all you other niggaz gettin' checked by me
That's on the C, DPG will never break up
There's too much motherfuckin' paper to cake up
That's on me (DPG)
Now what?
I'm
Now all the bitches if you with me, come get me
I'm in room 210, don't forget to bring the gin
That's the old fashion way, and bring a friend with ya
So when I'm through with ya she can hit ya
Shit I ain't trippin'
I'm dippin'
There's money to be made
It's funny how she layed when I told her she couldn't stay
Look here, my boo'll be through
So you gotta raise, boy game pays
On the next phase, gotta show to do at 4
Then I'm headed right back to the studio
If you need the hook up
Give a nigga a holla
I slide through your hood, in the gold impala
Drop off a sack, then I head right back
And I hope I don't get jacked, cause you know I'm ridin' strapped
But if the boys decide to pull me over loc
They recognize my face, and so they go
Gangsta's get respect ya see
All y'all other niggaz gettin' shook like fleas
That's on the C
DPG will never break up
There's too much motherfuckin' paper to cake up
That's on me
Dogg Pound Gangsta's
Say it with me
Say it with me
Say it with me
Say it for me
Right back at ya
Who go the hook up?
I do
I got the hook up
I got the hook up
If ya need it
I got the hook up
Yeah
That's gangsta
Straight up
98
Doggy Dogg
Ain't No Limit to this shit
Ain't No Limit to this shit nigga
Straight up
That's gangsta
And we out
Man I had a crazy crazy dream dogg.
I had a dream I was in the NBA straight playin basketball.
NBA straight getting my ball on dogg.
Can you imagine?
Snoop Dogg in the NBA?
Imagine that, Hoop Doggy Dogg.
Yea straight ballin.
You know I'm a ball anyway so why not.
Let me get my ball on.
If I could play in the NBA
I would be that six-four all day shootin that trey
I dribbled to the outside and passed it to Shaq
they double teamed on him so he passed it back
Look at the 3 but I don't take the shot
cause I think I'm cold and I aint trying to get hot
I'm feelin bionic, we playing the Sonics
And I'm sticking Gary Payton so you know I'm ball hatin
Bang on Vin Baker cause real Lakers really don't care yea yea
Next stop in the court on Damon toast Stouda and my homeboy J.R. Rider
Minnesota Timberwolves, we cut 'em down
Hakeem Olajuwon and Scottie Pippen, we shut 'em down
The Twin Towers, Dave and Duncan
20 in the paint fool you get's nothing
On a four game roll sweep, beep beep
We beat the Bulls and we rocked the Heat
And we traded for a few players, some Pacers
Miller and Mullin and now they Lakers
We cant be beat now, we on a 27 game win streak now, bow wow
When it all started from a dream
I'm playin point guard on my favorite team (Lakers)
I got the big perm, doing interviews with Chick Herm
At Stu Lance, we do a dance
When it rains poppin shampane
Basketball yes yall thats the game
Two years ago a friend of mine
Ask me to glide from the free throw line
So I took the ball, and as I made the hoop
Everybody jumped up and they said "Go Snoop"
And my career jumped off into the fast lane
My rookie season I made my first all star game
Double G like George Gervin, thats what the call me cause I'm so ice
Ballin cause that's my life, I balls all day, and I balls all night
They call me Snoop Dogg and everybody know I love to hustle and ball
The season gettin tragic we lost to the Magic
and the word is that Rodman done had it
So I guess it on a young homie, the great number 8, Mr. Koby
Give him the ball dogg he ready
We got to play Charlotte tonight, I'm stickin Eddie
Remember all the good times that we had
Cuz dont trip to long cause tommorow we play the Jazz
Then it on to play the Denver Nuggets
The homeboy Nick they traded, but damn I still love 'em
Keep a picture of 'em on the wall next to Dr. J
Meach, I love basketball
Allen Iverson on the fly boy he hard to stick
C Webb comin through with a quick pick
The NBA Saturday mornings hey or maybe on a Sunday
We in the playoffs so stay off the court
This aint no game, this a sport
And we in it to win it, we ballin, No Limit
Remember this
When I grow up on wanted to be a point guard playing on NBC
With Herb and Suge or Pistol Pete or World B. Free givin dap to me
Givin up my dues with converse shoes
And tellin all the kids to stay in school
This is true and your dreams can come true
if it happen to me, it can happen to you
That's for all the NBA players that dream of being a rapper.
I'm a rapper that dreams of being a NBA player and I'm a baller.
Let's bounce up out of here man.
Awww yeah
This one goes out to all you muthafuckers out there
That didn't think we could make records that could bang in the club
Ya that's right
All you ladies out there with the big butts
with the long hair, the big titties, the pretty eyes
Report to the dance floor right about now
Wiggle it round c'mon down
Doggy-d-o-double's in town
I know you wanna get down
So why you lookin' at me like that
Bitch break that shit down
I wanna make your kitty cat growl
I wanna hit it get it right now
So what you playin' with it for
Back it up slow move it around and dance to the flow
Now put your hands on the floor (c'mon)
C'mon on and gimme some more
It's crazy but baby that maybe we gonna fuck in a man's mercedes
Bitch I ain't that loco
Fuckin' with a broke hoe
Get a nigga smoked tho, no-no, na-na, nae-nae
She got a whole bunch of kids like baby
Listen what the pimper say
I want you to be what I want you to be
You can hump with me that's what I want you to be
I want you to be what I want you to be
You can hump with me that's what I want you to be
I slap bitches in the face and give em Jay-Z lips
Make them sign their life off so they can pay me chips
I cut hoes so much I should sell band aids
Give bitches sandwiches with handmade mayonnaise
I put bitches on the stroll hall
Plus I control hoes like remote control suped remote controlled cars
Code blow hoe on 'em like the internet
Got my dick in her neck and ain't even took her to dinner yet
Fuck that I ain't taken her to dinner
I'll bring her to a diner get behind and go up in her
You fuckin' with losers
I'm a winner I'm gone in summer hot in the winter
Fuck hungry I'm ready for dinner HA!
Bitches don't know the low
'Bout to slap your ass off the endo smoke
I'm in the club straight goin' for broke
Sellin' bitches everything even low key dope
Don't you wanna get nasty
I like it when you freak that ass
36-24-36 shaped like an hourglass
??
Let me rub up on that clit it feels so nice and soft
Coast to coast we do-si-dos
And get your day started like a breakfast toast
Me and my niggas make beats for your strokes
Heat for your tokes, baby tees for your chokes, keys for your ?
Me squeezin' your folks
When they come through
With their noses flarin' out like they be on that coke
Nah we on that dope
Now she wanna go cause she wanna know
How did we walk through the front door
Your pants down straight VIP
Well when it comes to rap styles, and rap crowns, and mack downs
Just mingle, we straight smack down
We so OG this here gonna be
If you with it you can have a little hit off me
Get nasty, get freaky, get busy o-so-off the hizzy
Dogghouse
Gimme some of that g shit goldie loc
Yeah, that's what I'm talkin 'bout
Yeah, check this out y'all, uh huh huh
We got Snoop Dogg in the house tonight, with the homeboy tray-deee
Waniac, trip loc and goldie, 4 tay from the bay, what you say
What you say, huh? (we do this like everyday)
Did ya get the dank, did ya get the dank?
Yeah I got the dank, you got the gas in the tank?
V.I.p. status, don't need an apparatus
'cause the niggas I fuck with, they all about the cabbage
Down in yellobrick road my destination, the dogghouse
Toastin remys, fillin' jimmies, we goin all out
Lookin for the wizard, creepin through the fog
Got some bad ass bitches, headed to the player's ball
They gon be strippin and wigglin ass
Hope you brought your playa pass
Tray-deee, goldie half dead, the twins blaze sacks
Bigger than big everyday in l.a.
4 tay representin for the whole damn yae, beeyotch
Dogghouse, turnin it out, and if you ain't dope you gots to get
The fuck out, that's on the o g d p, (say what)
And that's how it is when you fuckin with me
Don't matter how you come, use all angles
Ties become tangled when the cutthroat strangles
My hookup, long rangers
Better float like a nationwide sky pager
Them hoes save us, talk about bein playas
On the real we can deal with you playa haters
We hit the spot, every city got a block
What you makin when you take it to a different type of level that it pops
Know the dogg keep the hip rocks, steady bangin
Hoes steady sangin from the gang that we claimin
Yo, it's waniac, the maniac, trip loc won't you spit that rap
Park my shit and jump out, I'm at the homies spot
To see if he floatin with me up to the dogghouse
Hit the weed he lightin, outside little niggas is fightin
This bomb, I'm likin
Holla at my folks I know up in the complex
Nigga ready to ride as soon as he get dressed
Now we ready to roll, hit the store, then the carpool lane
Once again it's on, big chiefin
Remind me of the noisiest place
Ladies all over the place, and niggas super laced
How we like it, saggin in my 5 0 1
Killin my lungs, keepin these homies and bitches on one
Man I got warrants, bad tax, still sayin fuck it
Headed up to dogghouse swervin in a bucket
Puffin on some bomb from my comrade blue
And got my little bitch catch a contact too
House shoes with the blue khaki suit and my locs on
Swoopin to some soopafly, gettin my smoke on
Nigga goldie loc got the heat on roast it
4 tay on the way plus the twins is posted
Bout to set it off bet it's off the hook
Straight crooks, gettin money off the books
Makin nothin but that gangsta shit that niggas lovin
Thuggin at the house party, fuck goin clubbin
Let me hear you say pimps, banks, hustlers
Let's all get the money then murder these motherfuckers
Cocksuckers, they can't stop us
Now put up your choppers, just in case they rollin with them coppers
I shut em down, doggpound for them bitches
I be seein you with snitches everytime I'm hittin switches
Ice skatin over dicthes
I'm true to the game, plus I'm out to get them riches
I be mobbin down the road tryin to bag up my bags
I'm saggin so hard I'm tearin up the back of my khakis
I'm tryin to reach my dogg dirty red
But this hoe won't let me know, which way to go
I'm movin slow
My chucks only come with a hundred miles of walkin
Hundred miles of runnin smellin funny and I'm gunnin nigga
Doggpound gangsta crip for life
And we gon party in this motherfucker all damn night
Yo whats up P
Yeah man these niggas think that I done fell off man
Think my shit done got weak I guess
Shit nigga I been hustlin' grindin' like a motherfucka
I aint went nowhere knowwhatImean?
Shit guess I got to let these niggas know who I am
What I stand for and what I'm about huh
You feel me check this out BITCH!!
whats my motherfucking name
Snoop Dogg
What I like to do
you like to hustle and ball
I get up early in the mourning and begin my mission
Brush my teeth then I creeps to the kitchen
Cook some bacon and eggs and put some braids in my head
Stash this pound, put the shit down then I head
To the spot thats hot, fuck a fed
I gotta clock this knot ya heard what I said
Im taking penitentiary  chances, dancin with the devil
Im in it to win it for No Limit nigga next level
A whole lot of y'all niggas out there walk around dead here take this
shovel
Dig your own grave, your pushin on them pebbles
Stand out there on that corner long enough and watch what happen
Quit yappin about what you aint got and get crackin now thats what
happenin
Aint no body give me shit I took it
Nigga stright now but I started off croocked
Now look at all the shit I been through and I'm 'fen to
Get what I gotta get cause I'm just stright down for this shit
Now
They say money is the key to end all your woes
Thats probably why I love it and cant stand them hoes
I chop trees with G's and take trips over seas
And pack a nine all the time and thats for all my enimies
What y'all thought, I cant get cought
It aint my mothfucking fault they call mister seasonig salt
I'm bringing Gangsta shit to this No Limit click
I'm way down south in a house and I'm bangin this shit
I got gold around my neck that will never ever fade
Rolex watch on my wrist nigga getting paid
Thats all I live fo , you dig it
Game is to be sold not to be told thats what my nigga P said can you
feel it
What y'all niggas knockin me fo and watching me fo
While your bitch jocking me and clocking this doe
Boy that sound like the old Snoop Dogg, shit I'm trying to get paid
Papered up and trying to ball y'all feel me
Avoiding the snitches and the and the bitches too
And the fake ass snake ass niggas which is you nigga fuck you
I buck you you I stick you I stuck you
I love making that music that y'all niggas say y'all drugs to
Bow-wow
Game reconize game
Now you know how a gangsta gangsta
You how a hustler hustle
And you know how a baller balls
Thats what you get when you fucking with Snoop Dogg
Stright up '98 No Limit records
You feel me thats real ha ha yeah
Hustle & Ball Thats all we do
All the real hustlers out there gone and give it up
Yeah get your money money get your money
Keep your heat get your money money
I'm so glad that you believe in me like I believe in you
This love's exactly how I picture... (how I picture)
It's such a joy when I receive all that I need in you
We're flowing smooth just like a river... (like a river)
Express my true
When, I make love to you... (to you)
Just like that day back in September
If we might run in some problems
I know you'll see me through
There's nothing for you I wont do
Cause I believe in you... (you)
Oh I believe in you... (you)
And I believe in you too
See can't nobody make me do what you do
I mean I'm so in love with you... (boo)
I never thought a girl could make me
Take me
To a whole new world
Re-shape me, love me, hate me
Lately
We ain't been fussing or fighting
You play all day and I be working at night and
The only one who understands my life and
The cake and the icing
These other girls
In the world
Live their life so trifling
I couldn't do it no more
I had to sit you down
And make you my wife and... (yaa)
Cold thing
But you know
It's a cold gain... (goal gain)
It's so real
I had to bless you with my last name... (last name)
Slowed me down
Straight took me out the fast lane... (fast lane)
Hold me down
Come on baby
Watch me do this thing... (do it)
I been crowned king
So I guess that means you're my queen
You have my seeds
Lets go ahead and raise this team
It's so special
You're all I ever need
I'm feeling good and my baby's home
You're spending time
Holding hands
To this beat
The fellow that can satisfy my every need
Is he the one?
We've been around and we're both grown... (grown)
Look at me... (me)
I'm like a baby
I took that chance
And I feel secure about this love romance
Let's have some fun
And I believe when you say
Ain't that special... (oh)
Touch my soul... (soul)
Feel the same
When you whisper softly
And call my name
Here I come
It's more than words that I ever could sing
You're that chill bring
Maybe your walk or just the way you do me
I really think we are the two
Cause I believe in you
Take a second realize we can make it if you
Don't stop
Come on boy we about to take it
To the top
I know you're gonna love what you're about to see
Do you believe in me?
We can make it all nite long
Baby if we
Don't stop
Come on boy you know you got me
So hot
I know I'm gonna love what you're about to do
Cause I believe in you
I believe in you
And I believe in you too
Cause its the right thing to do
And I believe in you too
Cause its the only thing to do
I couldn't give you away
No matter what my friends sizzay
See when I'm gone
Away from home
I'm alone every dizzay
I left a gang of messages for you
On your two way
But you ain't hollered back
But you know how, you play
You say, ok
I say, no way
We got to be together forever
And a dizzay
Cause I believe in you
Take a second realize we can make it if we
Don't stop
Come on boy we about to take it
To the top
I know you're gonna love what you're about to see
Do you believe in me?
We can make it all nite long
Baby if we
Don't stop
Come on boy you know you got me
So hot
I know I'm gone love what you're about to do
Cause I believe in you
I'm so glad that you believe in me like I believe in you
This love's exactly how I picture
It's such a joy when I receive all that I need in you
We're flowing smooth just like a river... (like a river)
Express my true
When, I make love to you... (to you)
Just like that day back in September
If we might run in some problems
I know you'll see me through
There's nothing for you I won't do
Cause I believe in you... (you)
Oh I believe in you... (you)
I am Sir Dogg, DPG fuck... and I hate water.
I never learned to swim....
AAAAH! PUT ME DOWN!!!! Let go of my leg!!!
I HATE WATER!!!! I CAN'T SWIM!!!! AAAAH!!!!!
Now matter where I go, you got'cha eyes on me,
And everybody sittin' around waitin' on me,
Show us how you do it Uncle Snoopy,
So fluid wit' your technique, y'all niggaz gon' respect me,
Man, I been doin' dis' shit before I even learned how to crawl though,
Gettin' interviewed by mothafuckaz like Geraldo,
And niggaz wanna know if I smoke Newports or Marlboros?
Man, I'm fuckin' wit' dat real shit, nigga can you feel dis'?
I make dat shit for the realest of millions,
While I'm wheelin' and dealin' and feelin the feelin',
Hmm... and oh what a relief it is,
That Snoop is back in dis mothafucka handlin' his biz,
Takin' care of his kids and makin' hits, oh shit,
There it is again, you never know if your career might flop, fizz
So, stay on your toes and keep a pair wit'cha foes,
And keep a set of new hoes and floatin' and tie da bow,
Fuck these niggaz and peep out Whitey Ro (?),
Somebody told? Well then, somebody gettin' rolled on,
And that's usually how the scenario rolls on,
Baby girl said she wanna keep her clothes on,
She either fuckin' gettin' stole on or gotta stroll home,
Well number one, keep your hand on your gun,
And don't (don't) trust (trust) anyone (anyone, one, one.....)
Ohh... you can't trust nobody baby.... you can't even trust your own Mama!!!
This is Snoopy Collins.... trust no one.... especially a bitch....
Or even a bitch-ass nigga.... Yo Ha!!!!
T-R-U-S-T in me, I'm sexy but I'm pussy,
The homies in the hood call me Lil' Bo Peep,
And you da type a nigga I been dyin' ta meet,
So Snoopy, what'chu tryin' to do?
Now hold on lil' mama, ain't no reason for me to lie to you,
Now what I'm tryin' to do, and what I'm gon' do,
Is hit this bud, I got a wife at home,
Bitch I ain't lookin' for none, you might got kids for cuz, or down wit' bud
Pushin' them dubs, look here cuz,
Lemme tell you how it's gon' be
If I was broke loc, these bitches wouldn't want me
I'm tellin' you the good-god truth, you want proof?
Ask them hoes over there, "Y'all wanna fuck Snoop?" (yeah!)
We'll take the money and the game away,
I bet they won't say the same that day,
But it's okay, cuz I don't trip,
Cuz "Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks",
I thought I told you, bitch I'm a soulja,
East side, long beach, gang-bang roller,
From the solar, cuz this, is it,
Can ya dig it? (I can dig it!!!)
Jelly Roll pulled a rabbit out his hat,
I pull a strap out my mothafuckin' back (Aaah!), cuz I know it's like dat,
I'm in a meetin' wit' these white folks talkin' bread,
They want a contract on a nigga till' I'm dead,
If I don't sign they gon' turn me over to the feds,
They struck me out, now I'm pinch-hittin' for the Reds,
But I'm a Dodger blue, so I gotta keep it true,
I gotta home-run, nigga we long gone,
I'm realizin', justizin', visualizin',
Rip-ridin', put mines in,
Takin' this game to the next level,
Trustin' no one, especially them Red Devils,
Keep ya head level, hand on my get-up,
Stay on the red-up, pimpin' ain't easy, but there's a whole lot of fed-up,
And like I told you from the get-go, don't trust no one (no one, no one),
And like I told you from the getti, don't trust no one...
OH NO!!! YOU DID IT AGAIN!!!! PUT ME DOWN!!!!
I HATE WATER, I CAN'T SWIM!!!! I NEVER LEARNED TO SWIM!!!!
I SHOULDN'T HAVE TRUSTED YOU!!!! I PUT ALL OF MY TRUST IN YOU!!!!
AND YOU TOOK ME TO THE WATER..... OH NO!!!!
My mama told me never ever trust one, bust one and break ‘em
Be about your paper nigger take it
Everyday’s a hustle, got these haters at my neck
Suckers tryna get a check
Boss dogg does it, hoes wanna call what it wasn’t
Tryna kiss a nigger all in public, bitch, is you crazy?
I preach pimping not pussy, shit I heard it all before
I ain’t no motherfucking rookie
I’m a long beach, grown twenty? playa ’bout his g’s
I ain’t tripping off these walls
You know these rats is after cheese
Messing with my focus, the locust on his grind
They be focus on his dick and keep your focus off my time
Stay in the lane that I made for you to chill
Until then it’s been real, I gotta handle business
And you I know we’re in it, see tripping gets you nowhere
Cause bitch I’m on that
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch all on me
Trippin’ and calling my phone, always lying
I don’t need no bitch, bitch constantly checking on me
Bitch don’t even try it
I’m out here grinding, that's why
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch….
We used to rock to the rhythm that didn’t stop
Now you telling me I need to be getting out and go find me a bitch
Cause it’s over and through
But why do I need a bitch when I got you
I don’t mean it like it sounds, but we used to be a team
Yo, we used to have a dream yo, we used to put our things together
Now it’s dividing, hiding, bottled up negative feelings inside
These bitches, they come a dime a dozen
F-ck one that once sucked my dick and find another (bitches)
I don’t need ‘em, don’t buy ‘em nothing to drink, I don’t feed them (bitches)
Never mind them, I stay in front, I used to chase behind them
No, I don’t wine and dine them (bitches)
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch all on me
Trippin’ and calling my phone, always lying
I don’t need no bitch, bitch constantly checking on me
Bitch don’t even try it
I’m out here grinding, that's why
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch….
Hell no, I don’t need one
And all that talking and fussing bitch you can miss me
I put these size twelves down on a 10 speed
Before I let a bitch get the best of me
I don’t need no bitch bitch bitch
The recipe for danger, phone checking, the recipe for anger
I’m from a gang but I don’t wanna bang ya
And I can tell how you tell all your friends about my Benz and my ears? bitch
Really I’m the perfect stranger, which turned you to the perfect stalker
Body like miss parker, maybe get little darker
But I’ma have to pass on that ass you was too much in the first place
Never understood when it was work day
And then she all up on your boy in the worst way
You need to detox, bitch see Dr. Dre
Cause crazy ain’t gonna get it, and tripping get you nowhere
Cause bitch I’m on that, bitch I’m on that
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch all on me
Trippin’ and calling my phone, always lying
I don’t need no bitch, bitch constantly checking on me
Bitch don’t even try it
I’m out here grinding, that's why
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch….
You need to quit talking crazy
I don’t need no bitch
You need to quit talking crazy
I'm just soaking up this breeze, smoking on some trees
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
I get lifted, I get lifted, everyday
I get lifted, I get lifted, I get lifted, I get lifted, everyday
I get lifted, I get lifted, hey
Overzel me, propel me, propeller, cat pilla,
Rap healer, dope dealer, grip it back
Look it back now, reseller,
Exhale, inhaler, feller, Juicys pored
Dueces for all you loud mouth bitches who adore
I can't play on your field anymore
Take it flight, now look at me soar
In and out of space with my foot to the floor
Higher and higher, I won't retire
Halfie don Kaya, Love smokin fire tata like satellite,
All on the wire,
Keep it up, speed it up, slow it up
Throw it up
Your bitch is looking at me cause she probably wanna go with us
It's cool with me, hop in, hop in, ain't no stopping
We keep knocking, rocking
I'm just soaking up this breeze, smoking on some trees
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
I get lifted, I get lifted, everyday
I get lifted, I get lifted, I get lifted, I get lifted, everyday
I get lifted, I get lifted, hey
Dimes, dubs, quarter ounce oz, put it in a zag
Let it burn slowly everywhere I am
Nigga got a blow tree rolling every gram
They be like holy smokes, that man no joke
Can tell if it's that "mehh" (crap) if you don't choke
Never gonna quit, every chance I'm a toke
Zips smelling like the whole plants in my coat
For autographs, coming at me with all the names
And what I gotta have
I got my own shit, and this ain't for the little kid
This grown shit, having a party at my crib
Bring your own bitch, I got 3, so matter of fact you can take one
And roll a joint baby girl let's bake one
And take this weed and I can show you how to make one, ah
I'm just soaking up this breeze, smoking on some trees
Niggas know I get lifted it's high school, I stay high, I mean I don't gotta get high I'm already there, yeah, I was high when I said that, haha, whatup snoop!
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
I get lifted, I get lifted, everyday
I get lifted, I get lifted, I get lifted, I get lifted, everyday
I get lifted, I get lifted, hey
I'm just soaking up the breeze, smoking on some trees
I blame it on you, you blame it on me, we blame it on trees
Smoking on this weed, this is all I need
I blame it on you, you blame it on me, we blame it on trees
I get lifted, I get lifted, everyday
I get lifted, I get lifted, I get lifted, I get lifted, everyday
I get lifted, I get lifted, hey
6-5-4-3-2-1
7 Days of Funk
I’ll be there for you
When you need some company
Right there for you
Baby, baby, come to me
Right there for you
If you need that fire weed
Let me light that for you
Can’t you see I’m all you need?
Right there for you
No talk, it’s all real
I gotta let you know how I really feel
Do or die, it’s you and I
Now have a seat
Let me get you to the funk baby
Let me get you to the funk girl
Let me get you to the funk baby
Let me get you to the funk girl
I’ll be there for you
When you need some company
Right there for you
Baby, baby, come to me
Right there for you
If you need that fire weed
Let me light that for you
Can’t you see I’m all you need?
Right there for you
Think I’ve had enough
But it’s a must I find my way back to the funk
High and low which way she go
Can someone please let a G know?
Boosy Collins, George Dew
James Brown and uncle Jam’s troops
George Clinton, the atomic dog
24 track mixed in analog
Can’t a dog just be on a tree
I’m a blind man so I see, I see
6 lines with strings to attach
2-12 homies to match the hippie uh
Sell a quick load
And now I’m walking on a yellow brick road, funk mode
Do or die, it’s you and I
Now have a seat
Let me get you to the funk baby
Let me get you to the funk girl
Let me get you to the funk baby
Let me get you to the funk girl
I’ll be there for you
When you need some company
Right there for you
Baby, baby, come to me
Right there for you
If you need that fire weed
Let me light that for you
Can’t you see I’m all you need?
Right there for you
I’ll be there for you
Momma.. MOMMA..
I love my momma
I LOVE MY MOMMA..
Through all the drama..
Momma.. MOMMA..
I love my momma
Check it out
The first one to hold me (yeah)
The first one to scold me (yes-o)
You never cease to teach me
And always try to reach me (momma..)
Took me to school the first day
Taught me how to kneel, down and pray (amen)
You learned me how to count from one to ten
And never forget, where I've been
Momma..
Yeah, I love my momma
Through all the drama, I love my momma (I love my momma)
Through all the drama, I love my momma
Yeah, I love my momma -- love you momma (momma!)
I love my momma
Through all the drama, yeah I love my momma
I love you mom (momma!)
I love my momma
Through all the drama, yeah I love my momma
I love you momma (I love you momma)
Yeah, I love you momma, yeah, I love you momma
(listen here) Trip..
You taught me how to care (uhh)
You taught me how to share (f'real)
You taught me how to love and to give
thanks to the one above -- I love you momma
Yeah, I love my momma
I love you momma, I love my momma -- I love you momma
I love you momma (I love you momma)
I love my momma (I love you momma)
I love my momma (now you tell em Snoop)
You taught me how to read and write, how to fight
My do's and dont's, my wills and my wont's
I'll never forget, the things that we went through
Bangin oldies in the livin room, sippin brew
Schlitz Malt Liquor was the thing back then
My momma was my homey my daddy, and my best friend
Ask the Twinz, them my lil locos to the end
And Warren G and Nate Dogg, shit them my true friends
Time and time again, I'ma spit this rhyme again
She the queen in my life, and I'ma make sure she gon' shine again
She taught me everythang, but she didn't charge a fee
She taught me everythang, except how to see a G
For the nine months you carried, I hope you bury me
instead of the other way around, and I put that on Dogg Pound
I made you cry, you made me smile
I just wanna say I love you for life
and that's the reason why I'm here now
Love, Snoop
I love my momma, yeah..
I love my momma (I love you momma)
Yeah, I love my momma (I love you momma)
Through all the drama, yeah, yo, yeah, I love you (I love you)
Momma, momma, momma, momma, I love my momma
Momma, I love you momma
I love you momma
Momma, momma
Your money wasn't always long (fo' sho')
But your heart was forever strong (momma.. momma..)
You taught me bout faith and hope
And never ever get hooked on dope
Momma.. (I love you, I love you momma)
I love you momma.. (throught all the drama, I love my momma)
Eastsidaz come out and play
Eastsidaz come out and play
Eastside!one five, two*cough*one
Two oh, one eastside one five
Yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh
We finna show you motherfuckers whats happenin
Tray Dee
Comin in front and center state ya name and game
Yeah them eastsidaz back and we came to bang (eastside)
Givin it up, pistols and chucks, rags hangin
Stricly insane and we do the damn thang
Its the big bad eastsider rollin
Now how many blocks we controllin
Two 0, two one, one five seventeen and eleven
One nine and a muthafuckin dime
Murder block to the swamp front of grandmama house
They don't sleep, well freak off brand knock em out
Stay deep, bring heat make streets emorge
Young Gs, Lil Gs, casualties and war
So we push the turf steady pushin work
Niggas love seein thugs so we look for dirt
Where the shit don't stop and them six fours hop
If ya just get socked, don't trip gettin dropped
All black wit a little bit of gold
Now lemme show you motherfuckers how the eastside roll
Footin to the metal, every hand on stiletto
Extra clip when we book out, peace we long ghetto
I'm about to make the shit crack
We got straps in this bitch I got somethin on fat
Tellin you motherfuckers, "Damn!"
It ain't no thang when you bang wit the Dogg Pound (DOGG POUND)
(I luv it!) The way the homies come through all blue nigga what y'all wanna do?
(I luv it!) We got hos to the left, platinum on our chest nigga yup yup
(I luv it!) Can't stop, won't stop, so what that L.B.C. like
(I luv it!) We do the damn thang all night, better yet fo' life
I luv it! We keepin that shit G
Cause that's all I see
I luv it!
We always gon' roll, and stay way too deep
Tray Dee, Gol-die, Snoop, ducez 'n trayz
Still give it to that ass the old fashion way
From the LB city, where them shells leave many
Wannabes on they knees, tryna beef wit a gizze
Aye loc, I represent till the shit don't stop
Fuck them paramedics and them crooked ass cops
Its hard to maintain on the front line
Check this out cuz, I gotta get mine
Low ridahs, eastsidaz comin wit that G shit
People want some of this?
Hell naw trick
I'm keepin that shit gangsta
Yeah, C-walkin on you pranksters, nigga
We don't really give a mad fuck nigga what
Gettin mad stuck, catch you comin out the cut
Hoo ridin, G ridin fuck the law
Better hope you on my side once I clutch and draw
My reactions, attractions, fast and all actions
Till I die east the side, I stay smashin
Represent this like its meant to see
To the graveyard or the penetentary
Zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom
I am Sir Dogg
D-P-G funk
And I am crip
I never learned to crip
Oh no! Put me down
Let go of my legs
I'll never C-walk
Do the time of life
You have the time of your life
Hey ha!
Oh yeah, what's Crip-a-lat'n baby?
Eastsidaz, "Duces 'N Trayz - The Old Fashioned Way"
Somethin uh, to make you move, groove, and defintely sets the mood
Its so uh gangsta, its so uh prankster
Its the hoodie hoodie, goodie goodie
To lick ya boogie oggie oggie
Can ya dig what i'm talkin bout
I smell ya Battle Cat
Now thats funky, thats so funky, I have to say uh!
Eastsidaz come back
Yo Doc what up my nigga
Snoop Dogg, it is what it is
This record is so motherfuckin' gangsta man
And i think it's time for me and you to just
Turn it down a bit
Come on
Imagine it never happened
Imagine no rappin'
Imagine niggaz trapped
Imagine it havin' action
Imagine how niggaz could be actin'
If you never got this shit crackin
Imagine life's so hard
You can't imagine it's like livin' in city of god
You feel me
Imagine life on the yard
I'm tryin' to get that dollar on some shitty ass job
Imagine Biggie with his son
Imagine Pac gettin' call pop 'bout one
Imagine a mother strugling
Dealing with a system that don't give a fuck about who shot her son
Imagine life you can't win
When you get out of the ghetto and go right to the pen
When you get out to the pen you go right to the jenz
When you put back to the streets you get right back in
Imagine Russell still strugling
No Def Jam it's anotoher nigga hustlin'
And no rocks on them fellaz
Just rocks on them fellaz
Just try and keep it bubblin'
Imagine niggaz just stoped
From the east to the west coast, everybody fucked up
I can't imagine no less
But it don't take imagination
To know niggaz been bless with
HIP-HOP
Before we go
Can you imagine?
Picture years, with your mom
Can you imagine?
Hang her picture in the sky
Can you imagine?
Call emergency I've been dreamin' all my life.
Could you imagine bein' lit up by some hot shells?
Imagine being tossed around and put in jails
Imagine life when you can't get from under
Imagine niggaz at ya when you done fo'
Remember when they asks ya why ya run for and treat ya like a bitch
When they kick you in your dick and take your shit
We act like we hate to see you gun hoe
But just imagine if the rappin' got the gun no but you already know.
Imagine niggaz in the LBC felt just like Snoop Dogg & D-R-E,
And felt just like the niggaz in the 2-1-3.
Then imagine us was comin' when you fuckin' with me.
Imagine you was up on top of this shit
Imagine if the bitches could stay off this dick
I mean imagine we said fuck this shit
Imagine if my niggaz got together and tow up this bitch, yeah
You can't imagine growin' up in the jail done
Happy just to be alive' watching all your people run
Would you imagine growin' up to sell your 50 million records world wide or fuckin' on somebodies son
Imagine if these niggaz neva saw a colour
Would it be peaceful in them streets where niggaz kill each other
All the drunk fool gets pissed on balls
He fuckin' off my niggaz, they gone murder us all
Imagine that
This one right here is dedicated to a lot of famous players out there
That might have been in love before
I know some of you might not think gangstas fall in love (I miss that bitch)
But uh, it's true
If you been in love like I been in love before, you know
It's hard to get with somebody once they gone (I miss that bitch)
It's hard to replace that special someone
When they just up and you know
Dip dive and so socialize
And what we gon do right here (I miss that bitch)
We go'n kick something over this HiTek beat right here
For all the players that lost somebody special
And wonder where she at
E. White kick that shit (I miss that bitch)
I got my eyes wide open
The whole time I'm holding on to hope with you on my mind
It's been a while child, I'm getting down with Dogg
I bet my name all around your wall
Perhaps I went to jail
That left us out of touch
Shoulda shot some mail or something
Ain't no telling where she at now
I be God damn
Baby I really wanna see what you got now
I'm all grown up with my shit together
I don't know if I'mma see you ever
I got a woman and shit,but I must admit this
You at the top of my list
Unforgetable
Fuck with them nigga do
I still miss, there aint no getting rid of you
But in the mean time I'mma get with cha
Until I get somebody with your hook up Imma hit ya
I miss that bitch
She was a pot of gold
Her body was cold
I don't know where you went
Where did you go (I miss that bitch)
Shopping around looking around
I'm try to see
Where could you be
How could you do this to me (I miss that bitch)
My momma got mad
I was young when I hooked up with her
One hit and I couldn't stop trippin
A long lasting relationship
Pass you around, and let my niggas take a hit
I used to break you down just to roll you up
You the real, you never will slow me up
And you was always on my mind
Say no more
I still miss you at times
All of a sudden you lost my interest
I packed it up and set about my business
You used to have a hold on me
Sometimes to the point that they said you controlled me
I kept going to jail and all that
Get out, fuck with you again, I'm right back
I guess I had to learn the hard way baby
I'm leaving you alone cause you driving me crazy (I miss that bitch)
Ohhhhh
Mary, mary, mary
Quite contrary
Ohhhhh
Every time I think about that girl
Make a nigga wanna have a wet dream
Release some steam
ohhhhhh, ohhhhhhh, ohhhhhh
I miss that bitch
Yeah man, this is another 9 inch dick classic
We wanna dedicate this one, to all the fellas
who got a hardhead bitch, who just won't listen
Y'know?  The best thing to do, is leave her
Don't hit her, shake that ho (bitch I'm gone!)
Bitch I'm gone.. I can't take it no mo'
I can't get through to you
There's nothin I can say that you seem to understand
Bitch I'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. I'm out oh yeah yeah yeah
I'm through wit'chu
Oh I'm through wit'chu, yeah
I knew that you, was a ho back then
And bitch you're still one now
Ya like to bust, nuts in your face
But with that big-ass mouth
you need to shut the fuck up, you talk too much
I told you once before, yeah
That pimpin don't, like to tell you twice
So I'm walkin out that dooooooooooor
Bitch I'm gone.. oh yeah bitch I'm, oh I, I got to get the, hell outta here
I can't get through to you
I can't get through to you, you talk too much, I can't tell you shit
Bitch I'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. oh yeah I'm goin I got to get out
I'm through wit'chu
Oh yeah, I'm through wit'chu bitch, yeah yeah
(Bitch I'm gone) Bitch I'm through wit'chu
I'm through wit'chu, cause I refuse to lose
I can't be locked in your world
(Bitch I'm gone) I need to breath, I got to roll
(I'm through wit'chu) Ain't no way
I can stay another day wit'chu
Bye bye bitch, and wit all the other pussy, yeah
a nigga got besides yo' big head good and butt fo' ugly kids
Still livin with ya grandmama buckin mouth ass
You shoulda known, you was fuckin with a mack (MACK)
Instead of steppin your game up, you got pushed way to the back
(Step off, step on back)
I seen yo' expression, when you seen me pimpin in the club
It looked like, it looked like you wanted to break down, down and cry
But I just didn't give a damn, I didn't give a damn, no no I didn't
Cause bitches ain't shit, anyway, so don't even ask me why
Bitch I'm gone.. I'm I'm gone hah, yes I am, I got to get ta
I can't get through to you
Got to get ta, got to get ta hell outta here, oh yeah
Bitch I'm gonnnnnnnnneeeeeee.. oh bitch a, I got too many bitches, anyway
I'm through wit'chu
To be, foolin wit'cho, ugly, ugly, ugly ass
Oh, break it down (break it down)
Oh we got to break it down (break it down, break it down)
Whoaahhh, aw yeah yeah yeah yeah
Hey hey hey, what's up baby?
Come on in, sit down, what'chu got, what'chu got there?
Y'now, I seen you today baby, you know what?
Just sit the fuck down bitch!
I ain't playin no God damn game wit'chu right now bitch
Y'knahmean?  There's a lotta time and effort up in this shit, y'knahmean?
Wanna tell you a lil' somethin like this bitch
I got everything, you don't have nothin
Bitch, I ain't believin a motherfuckin word you say bitch
Get yo' shit, and get the fuck outta here
Even though it's yo' motherfuckin house, get the fuck up outta here
You know what?  I'm leavin this motherfucker
Got a fo' bedroom upstairs, I'm movin your sister in bitch
And I gotta protective order against yo' punk bitch-ass
So we gon' partyin all night long
And your sister a twin so the bitch is the same bitch
I'm out
Aw, my car is parked right outside
I got a full tank of gas, and away I go
Bye bye
Yeah, this shit right here sound like a love song
(she was in love)
A gangsta love song, you feel me?  Check it out
(she was in love, with a THUG, in love!)
(she was in love, with a THUG, in love!)
Yeah, gangsta, uh-huh!
Have you ever had a pretty, young saditty
Black female with chips, from the city?
Her momma got ends, and her daddy got ends
And she liked to give me ends when I'm out with my friends
Good girl - why do good girls like bad boys? (I don't know)
When I was a kid, growin up, I never had toys
And I think that she can figure that shit out (why?)
Cause everytime she came to pick a nigga up
Shit, she'd take a nigga out
Roll around town, ask the pound, they know, look
Baby was my thang, nah, she was my low-low
Bought my first Rol-o, and then we took a photo together
Man I hope this thang last forever
We been together six months, and we ain't argued yet
She lovin a nigga, steady buyin me shit
And don't say shit when I dip with my click
And understand, when I'm down and out
may need some help with some chips
Her mother approved of me, but her father he don't
He probably won't, shit Pops ain't no punk
Daddy's little girl be in a gangsta's world
Buyin me houseshoes and khaki blues, California curls
No matter what her father say, baby gon' see me
It's like a jungle sometimes, that makes me Wonder like Stevie
Believe me, when I say that baby was in love with a thug
In love with a thug
(she was in love, with a THUG, in love!)
Daddy I'm in love with a gangsta
(she was in love, with a THUG, in love!)
Momma I'm in love with a gangsta
Mm.. I'm caught up in the middle and I don't know what to do
I caught eight months in the joint, behind my crew
That I gotta do and I'ma miss you Boo
But I'ma write you every night and call you on the phone too
Whatchu gon' do?  "You know I'm gon' stay true
But I'ma go ahead to college like my father want me to"
Well um, off to my cell withcha body on my mind
And I'ma call you back tomorrow round the same time
I'm on the mainline, 9500 for short
On another phoneline, holla'n at my other hoe
This bitch ain't sayin SHIT, cause the bitch ain't SHIT
Old fat golddiggin-ass county check receivin BEOTCH
I bail up in the Day Room and get in a scrap
Niggaz watchin Soul Train and I wouldn't turn it back (man fuck y'all)
Never caught slippin, always on strap
And now I'm back in the hole with no motherfuckin getback
Sit back and contemplate, and think about baby
And hope she don't get caught up in the world that's so crazy
But while I'm up in Wayside, and she off in college
She gettin a little mo' than a schoolgirl knowledge
Cause gangsta-ass niggaz go to school nowadays
I tried to make you wait, but I can't change yo' ways
She fell in love with the local G
And now they both in the penetentiary, she didn't mention me
Yeah, its the world famous DJ Clue Desert Storm
Fabolous, the album 'Street Dreams', I mean we all street dream
The sometime or another you know, fast cars, cash, women, livin' the life
My boy Fabolous, he's livin' the street dream, y'all
Say man ay ushers, deacons, lock the do'
(I love, to give you light)
Geah, first of all
Givin honor to God, and all the ministers on the pulpits
Ushers, deacons, and my lovely choir
They sound so beautiful, don't you agree?
Sing it sister..
Yeah, we'd like to welcome y'all inside this R&G
Rhythm & Gangsta: The Masterpiece
Such a, heavenly experience
Alchemist, break it down for me nephew
Let me preach to 'em one time, chuuch
In the beginning as a child I was chosen
Though not knowin the reason while still my eyes opened
Whatever the purpose, I surfaced above the fog
Love was given to all, outside livin the ball
As an adolescent, one black child, I had a message
to reach teachin the masses, I wrote my first passage
It was jotted down, created in the form of a rap
I'm young, livin in the city of jackers and gangbangin
and dope dealin, cold feelin to be a product of niggaz around you
Once you get on top they down you
But the temptation got me, streets caught me watchin
I found myself grindin on the streets quite often
With a blue rag, bangin the dub, fo'-fifth coffin
At the spot, 61st, 40 blocks from the Eastside
Where most of the big homies had a glock and flossed the G-ride
Niggaz throwin up hands but it wasn't no peace signs
Never fo' a second did I think to let my light shine
Hardheaded, thought I was grown, messin up
Disrespectin my home, not carin 'bout what moms what sayin
And then I found out that mom wasn't playin
Today, I love you for it, back then, I couldn't understand
Get my life right, step it up, nigga be a man
Never be a victim, of what the system might hit you with
Through the stripes still gotta shine my light
I've grown, to comprehend the game; my name is Big Snoop Boss Dogg
Just a block and a phone call away
I've reached the status, of a modern day John Baptist
I'm preachin just what I practice
To each and all, I got a word from the Beach to acros the globe
Man woman young and old
Don't gain the world, lose your soul to spite
Many circumstances Doggy gon' shine my light cause I love you
(I love, to give you light)
And the people that is locked up, locked down
And the people that's locked dowwwwwn
Also God, should purchase the new, Escalade
On 24's, with the spinnin thangs, ha ha
I need you to, right now, look at your neighbors
Cause a lot of y'all think y'all goin to heaven huh
And you ain't gon' go!
So I need you right now to, look at your neighbor
and say neighbor, say NEIGH-BOR, YOU AIN'T GOIN!!
YOU AIN'T GOIN!!
As I take another choken toke of icky sticky stanky
Stuff a bull, pack a pipe, twist a blunt, roll and light a joint
Lean back and puff slow
Whenever I'm making a record, I'm getting into my character
And I'm trying to to portray something that I'm feeling so that way the whole world can believe in it
Do anybody know my name!?
What's my name!?
(Snoop Dogg!)
What's my name!?
(Snoop Dogg!)
Hold on, I want y'all to say my name like dis..
(Snoop, Snoop, Snoop, Snooooop)
There are seven wonders in the world, you're about to witness the eighth
Nigga ask about me, nigga ask about me!
You don't believe me? Motherfucker say what!?
Aiyyo Cat, roll out the blue carpet cause
Lemme C-walk on these niggas
Blue hat, blue socks, blue shoes, too cool
Blue car, blue house, blue pit, blue pool
Blue grass, blue Coupe, blue b-ball hoop
What kind of phone you on Loc? I'm on the Bluetooth
Talking to my nephew, my nigga Boo, half who?
He make pimping on a bitch look so cool
Old school, old fools, steel on a nigga first
Run up with that punk shit and I fill up a nigga's shirt
Do it to it hurt 'cause it hurt so bad (so bad!)
Snoopy D O dub they can't touch yo' swag (yo' swag!)
Oh mark ass nigga better tuck yo' flag
'Cause when my music out loco, I come to smash yo' ass
Fuck him, fuck her, and fuck all y'all too
(He wants everything to be right) 'Cause I'm... (Snoop Dogg!)
I'm so hood, so true
and every time that you see me cause, I'm oh so blue!
(To get that you have to stay.. on top of your game)
(And learn the most specific lesson...)
That shit is dope right there God...
Meech
Bow Wow
Yeah
Dogg House
Oh serious
I heard that
So I didn't know about all that
Yeah
Keep my industry as much as possible
Snoop Dogg
Found out, found out
On all ya'll niggas
Check me out homie
Everywhere I go
I got niggas and bitches on my dick trying to take my shit
Now, I don't really know
But I try to keep my head to the skitta
Slice my piece of hitta
Whatcha hating for?
You better get up, get out and get your own, Nigga
Pick up the phone and holla at your folks
Young locs in the hood, mashing Dogg House
Fuck them other fools
D-O-double G
Kick back, blaze the sack
I catch a muthafucking big, Mack Attack
We blazing up the dogg
It'll hurt you
Nothing but purple in my circle
To the day we die
We don't get money, bitches and high
Dogg House Gangsta Crip
Right back in your muthafucking ass for the R-2-G, bitch
What ya'll wanna do?
Seems like niggas wanna talk all night
What we gonna do?
We ain't gonna say nothing more, we gonna get with ya'll, on side
That's how suppose to see
So all that straggling in the gate trying to get close to me
Ya'll niggas need to stop
Trying to flip the hip hop scrip
I snap and crackling POP
Tell your friends and folks
It's a whole new year and situation and I'm still hating hoes
Will it ever stop?
Look I really don't know but on the up I doubt that, loc
Now what about your hood?
Man, I'm doing mine they're doing there's
So I guess It's all good
And, what about your crew?
Shit, my crew it's +Tha Eastsidaz+
Fool, I thought u knew
Dogg Pound ain't the same?
Yeah, them niggas split up and did they own thang and went made their own gang
Money is thicker than water?
That's fuck up but on the real that's how it is cuz, damn
The world just ain't the same?
And come to find out this niggas crossing out my muthafucking name
So what am I to do?
I put it on mind continue to shine
Everything fine
In G-O-D we trust
That's why ya'll suckers can't "Touch us, Touch us"
Meech u made the beat
And you know when we get together
Shit, we like bread and meat
We coming with the heat
Close your mouth cause Dogg House is definitely turning it out
And what about the cop?
I pay them and the ones I didn't I slaved them, haha
Will it ever stop?
It's like asking "Who is it" before a nigga even knock
The game is here to stay?
And I'm here to change the rules cause I'm a player that loves to play
Did you thank the lord today?
Think I did and on that note young loc, I'm getting dose
Why you tell the truth?
Cause I'm hundred twenty proof from the turf to the roof
Bigg Snoop
{"1500"}
Ohhhhhhhh ohhh ohhhhh ohh
It could all be so, it could all be so
It could all be so easy
So, so easy, so easy
Yeah, hey hey hey hey, listen!
It could be easy, it could be easy
It could be easy...
It could be easy, it could be easy
It could be easy...
Yeah, high school man
Taylor Gang, young Khalifa
I'll show you how to do this shit, uhh
(It could be easy) But you probably won't believe me
That's why I'm smokin, ridin listenin to "DoggyStyle" on CD
They saw me on TV, now they gon' try they hardest to be me
Said she know just who I am and plus my team is undefeated
I'm the man in my city, if you want I got the key
and I could put you on the game or on the ocean by the beach
Everything you see I own, I don't gotta lease
If your bitch outta control better put that hoe on a leash
Umm (it could be easy) if you listen to what I'm tryin to tell ya
Every dime pays but they catch you messin with that high grade
they gon' try and fail ya - call up moms, tell her
you in the hallway, plus your clothes smell kinda familiar
I ain't trippin, I'm twistin up another one
Got a couple problems with my bitches dawg cause pimpin ain't (easy)
I'm rollin up trees, stayin low from police
And don't ask where I been, Dogg I'm goin where the G's be
Haters talk when I leave, they just front when they see
what they want, say they don't but they need me
I'm like a fuckin Game Genie
Young nigga but I make it look easy
It could be easy
But the smallest little things we make so hard
Make so hard, make so hard
Yeah just like a free throw, life it be so easy
It could be easy
Well then tell me would you really be who you are?
Who you are, who you are
And it's been done before, I think you should know, know, know
Hahahaha, I got class nigga fuck that I'm tired
I'm tired of fuckin around man
I'ma go to fuckin class man
I'll get at y'all niggaz later
This shit easier than it look man
Real shit, I'm gettin money too
Stayin fly, fuckin yo' bitch
What up Dogg?
It can all be so easy
It could be easy
Flyin on a plane plane, dippin to this thang, bang
Never the same gang, she ask me if I gang bang
If Peter Piper pick 'em, then Snoopy Doopy pimp 'em
The track is where I kick 'em, now baby suck a dick up
until you start to hiccup, now look here breezy
It's real hard, but you can make it easy
I am pleasurable, now baby please me
And once I get up in it, I'll make you need me
(It could be easy) Like I love weed leaf
Baby starvin, now she feed me, believe me, you complete me
Protect the spot, and when I'm in school
Lay low, be cool, connect the dots, I do it vagrantly
Truant agencies on my wingtips
I ditched English, for Olde English
40-ounce loc, with some buddha Thai, mix it with some kush slow
With a E.T. high, so, I'ma phone home
Baby on some knick-knack, paddy-whack, give her Doggy bone
We +Home Alone+, now she's suckin on my bone
Macaulay, Phifer, NASCAR driver
Rollin with a real Eastsider
It could be easy
Winners, everybody wants to be a winner
Winning is everything uh, nah, winning it’s the only thing
Winning ain’t everything, winning it’s d only thang
When you’re living life in the game
Winning ain’t everything, winning it’s d only thang
When you’re living life in the game,
Winning ain’t everything, winning it’s d only thang
When you’re living life in the game,
Winning ain’t everything, winning it’s d only thang
When you’re living life in the game,
I can jump out the jet, I can run, I can swim
I am heavy on the case, I stay in first place
Mud on my shoes, taste blood on my face
Out of town, touch down never out of bounds
I train for the gold, I can go twelve rounds
Steal city baby, we are super bowl bound
Recollect a stack while I check a checker flag
All this winning got me grinning
All this losing got you mad
No more Chuck T’s on my feet, it’s just Adidas
Man they kept it true to the streets
And like he C, I’m on a 50 game win streak
I can’t be beat, I am the real heat
Real king real rings, that’s what we say
I threw a shirt out and cut out I’m on my way
PGA car under he may play?
It’s what amazing happens in the NBA, eh
Eo, we don’t take them on the west side
Yeah, I was born to be the best right
Rest and sleep is for the weak
The last shot y’all can go and put it on me
The last swing, the last throw, double U is all a dog know
W-I-N, W-E-S-T OG, Snoop D-O Double G
Winning ain’t everything, winning it’s d only thang
When you’re living life in the game
Winning ain’t everything, winning it’s d only thang
When you’re living life in the game,
Winning ain’t everything, winning it’s d only thang
When you’re living life in the game,
Winning ain’t everything, winning it’s d only thang
When you’re living life in the game,
No matter what game it is, winning it ain’t everything, it’s the only thang
And make sure you go hard, blood sweat and tears
Shout out to all the winners out there
That’s all I do is win, ya digg? It ain’t easy
Congratulations, winner.
Convict...Music...and you know we a front.
I see you winding and grinding up on that pole,
I know you see me lookin' at you and you already know
I wanna fuck you, you already know
I wanna fuck you, you already know
Money in the air as more feel grab you by your coat tail take you to the motel, hoe sale,
don't tell, won't tell, baby said I don't talk Dogg but she told on me, oh well,
take a picture with me, what the flick gonna do, baby stick to me & I'mma stick on you,
if you pick me then I'mma pick on you, d-o-double g and I'm here to put this dick on you,
I'm stuck on pussy and yours is right, wrip riding them poles and them doors is tight
and I'mma get me a shot for the end of the night 'cause pussy is pussy and baby you're pussy for life.
Shorty I can see you ain't lonely handful of niggas and they all got cheese,
so you looking at me now what's it gonna be just another tease far as I can see,
trying get you up out this club if it means spendin' a couple dubs,
throwing bout 30 stacks in the back make it rain like that cause I'm far from a scrub,
you know my pedigree, ex-dealer use to move phetamines,
girl I spend money like it don't mean nothing and besides I got a thing for you.
Mobbin' through club in low pressing I'm sitting in the back in the smokers section (just smoking),
birds eye, I got a clear view, you cant see me but I can see you (baby I see you),
it's cool we jet the mood is set,
your pussy is wet you rubbing your back and touching your neck,
your body is movin' you humpin' and jumpin' your titties is bouncin' you smilin' and grinin' and looking at me.
Girl and while you're looking at me I'm ready to hit the caddy right up on the patio move the patty to the caddy,
baby you got a phatty the type I like to marry wanting to just give you everything and that's kinda scary,
cause I'm loving the way you shake your ass, bouncin', got me tippin' my glass,
Normally don't get caught up too fast but I got a thing for you.
SNOOP! DOGG! SNOOP! DOGG! SNOOP! DOGG!
HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY! (I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY! (I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
It's ya Eastside partner, Big Snoopy D-O
Turned like D-lo, catch me on your TiVo
Long Beach with me, the city and the turf chump
Get turf stomped, fuckin with the turf punk
I'm geeked up, I'm on my tip hoe
Turn it up bee-itch, what you here foe?
I'm goin all in, that's what I do
My little niggas jerkin, what's up with you?
This little rappin ass, niggas tappin out
I'm almost twenty in, the fuck you rappin 'bout? !
My niggas peeled up, the homeys growin big
I'm all in the club rollin twenty crips
You see a G, you better know the deal
You see the fellas fool, I'm in the streets for real
I'm kickin on these hoes, do 'em like dominos
I slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em vamanos
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP! DOGG!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP! DOGG! SNOOP! DOGG!)
(HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I see 'em comin huh, that's what I heard em said
The .38 the same color's the Chevrolets'
501s' on, gangsta lookin good
I'm in the club holmes, Chuck'n up the hood
We the West boy, yeah you see the shirt
Smokin on that Kobe, fuckin with that purp
I gotta get 'er mayne, baby hella thick
She said her name was Seven, call me Michael Vick
'Cause I'm a dog, hoe, give 'em the dick and dash
Fuck whatchu called fo', if I ain't hit dat ass
I'm Snoopy D-O-Dubb, I get it poppin cause
And when I'm in the buildin, they get to poppin up
They get to spendin cash, screamin T.I.U.
Now gon' Turn It Up, lil' mama look at you!
I'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes
And slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em vamanos
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP! DOGG!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP! DOGG! SNOOP! DOGG!)
(HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
(HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
Boss Dogg chillin, lookin like a million
Yeah, nigga got it, I'm a leave it to my chil'ren
Tonight I'm on some other shit, and baby lovin it
Hella fast, grip dey ass like the oven mitt
I'm gooned up, boy! Rich as fuck, boy!
Black and gold brakes, that's my truck, boy
I'm on my Eastside, shit I'm workin
I got the party goin, and it's jerkin
My niggas all long, we rollin out deck
Hoes gettin in, you betta pick a bitch
'Cause when I shut it down, the party's over with
She call me Superman, I'm on my +Soulja+ shit (YOOOOOOOU!)
Boss Dogg, get 'em, I sick 'em and take 'em home
West Coast bitch, I'm on my fuckin throne
I'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes
And slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em vamanos
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP! DOGG!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP! DOGG! SNOOP! DOGG!)
(HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(HEY! HEY! HEY! HEY!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I Wanna rock right now
Right about now!!! You are about to be possessed!!!!
By the sounds of Snoop Dogg!!!! And DJ Green Lantern!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! (Teflon don!!!)
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! (Snoop what it do!)
(Maybach music!!!) Let's go!!! BOSS!!!!
Bitch I think I'm Scarface!!! Bitch I think I'm Nino!!!
Bitch I think I'm Pablo!!!! Put that on this kilo!!!!
Put that on this remix, bracelet cost me three bricks
Squash that shit with Mayweather, I call that real G shit
Bitch my life a gamble, Lucky Luciano!!!!
When I die, nigga ride, don't burn no fuckin candles (UHHHHHHH!!!!)
Bitch I think I'm Spielberg!!!! I just made a movie!!!
Time to pop my chill pill, with my spanish two piece
(ROSS!!!!!!!!!) Ricky Ross!!!!!!!!!!!
BIG SNOOP DOGG!!! I like steak and eggs I like Mike & Ike's
I like breakin hoes I like breakin dykes
I like doin my thang like every night
Tonight's the night like Betty Wright and that's right
I came to get ya up off the wall, we 'gon rock, we 'gon ball
Big Snoop D-O-G I got pills, thrills, whatever you need
Just name it AIM it AOL, strip clubs A-T-L
Pimp game, never fail, in the ocean, I'm the whale
NBA to the NFL they all waitin to inhale
I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(I'm goooooooooooone...)
Remix -- G shit
Bigg Snoop Dogg, g-gan-gan-gangsta shit
(YO GOTTI!!) What's haps? Smoke chronic and ride switches
I'm from a small town, they label us Nort' Memphis
In the club, I'm like a rock band, I be goin insane
(Totally duuuuuuuuuude!!!!)
Got it Osbourne, nigga I be off the chi-dain (off the chi-dain!)
(Black Sabbath) -- white monies
Green Tuesdees, let's count the money
Club jumpin, (I'm here!) What's hap'n?!
Baking Soda Gotti, Mr. DJ Green Lantern
Call me Mr. Lamborghini Drop, swag on the arena top
I'm 'bout to blow the woofers out, I need to turn it down a notch
I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! (I'm Yo Gotti!!!)
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(*Yeah!!! Unstoppable what's up Snoop!!!)
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(*Welcome to Brooklyn!!!!!)
Yeah truthfully I gave them a reason for them to fear me now
Life is like chess so my next move is for the crown
Look at how they tremble now they know that I ain't actin it
Fans wanna touch the same hand I smack rappers with
I ain't on that rapper shit, mami I'm the realest yo
Different city different day, different telly different ho
Don't make me act a fooly, leave me with all these groupies
Rollin in the Coupe, I'm chillin just me and Snoopy
Lord please forgive me for wild livin these wild women
Bottles keep on comin I'm now winnin my style different
This is for the G's the homeys that's out there livin that
Green Lantern tell 'em it's true I brought Brooklyn back
I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! (Maino!!!)
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
Young G...
It's the king of the rock, and I mean the shit literally
Trap 'til we thru, man trappin in my history
Catch me in the kitchen and Young Juicey doin chemistry
I SKERT! with my right when my left reaches this track or beat
GOMAD dog and my trap look like a spelling bee
Green Lantern and the Juiceman high just like the tractor be
And I be su' one hundred just like the letter G
Snoop Dogg, good look, that's the big whole me
So I do it B.I.G., everytime in Long Beach
NYC, what it do? You know dat I rock witchu
And everytime that I'm on stage, I be rockin Muari shoes
Gangsta as a muthafucka, I just say that I'm a BOOOOOOOO!
I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
(LET GO!!!!) I WANNA ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!! ROCK!!!!
G Mix!!!! For kings only!!!! BEEYOTCH!!!!!
(Right about now!!!!! HEH HEH HEH HEH!!!)
G Mix!!!! (H-O!!!!) Yeah!!! {HO-VA!!!!}
Snoop Dogg and Hov!!! (That's right!!!)
{HO-VA!!!!} {HO-VA!!!!}
They say you can't spell the west without the E-S!!!
(Uh huh!!! That's right!!!!!)
HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!
(I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
{Real kings man!!!} (*Right! Right!*)
{Aiyyo Jigga!!!} (*R-r-right now!!!*)
HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!
(I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
{I want you take off in this track man!}
(*Ok Snoop*) {Like only you can, you dig what I'm sayin!}
Hol' up, I wanna rock right now
My name is Hov and I came to shake the town
Yeah, ya boy's internationally known
But I'm from the hood, got a pocket full of stones (STOOOOONES)
I used to cop (Rob Base), turn it into (EZ Rock)
Just to stay (Doug E. Fresh), all that shit to easy rock
Used to (Chef Raekwon), give fiends a (Ghostface)
Y'all know my (Forte), I just might catch a dope case
UGHHHHHHHH!!! I (Mastered) the (P)
with connects in the Midwest, so I'm (Heavy) in the (D)
UGHHHHHHHH!!! Ya boy still (Snoop) around
Since a pup, I been (Kurupt) and I fuck with (Tha Dogg Pound)
UGHH!! Roc Nation is the gang now
Some dope lyrics is the only thing I slang now
(I Get the Job Done), I put the (Kane) down
It's no (Biggie) - heh, I'm just a king now
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
{WOOOOOOOO WEEEEE!!!! It's a problem!}
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
{Fa Shigga dow! Good lookin out Hov! Ha Ha! And you do know that!}
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right naow (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!)
{Two thousand ten! Big Snoop Dogg at it again!}
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!) {Malice N Wonderland!}
(HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
G Mix!!!! I was a fiend, before I became a teen
I melted cabbage sacks instead of cones of ice cream
Crime orientated that's how the west was originated
Fitted like pieces of puzzle, complicated
I droppped the sack and tried to rap hits y'all
They tried to bang on me, and say that I'm too small
Cool!!! Cause I don't get upset
I call the king of the east catch a flight then I jet
Right back to the west, where my niggas is at
Scoop the gilly put it back on the map
Like this like that while you rollin a bag
Loadin ya gat, pop pop, I'm holdin ya back
I'm like the Whopper FUCK THE BIG MAC!!!
Run up on the dog my gat go click clack
And that's fo' sho!!!
The reason why, man I don't know so let's go cuz
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!)
(HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
(HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
Boss Dogg chillin, lookin like a million
Yeah, nigga got it, I'ma leave it to my chil'ren
Tonight I'm on some other shit, and baby lovin it
Hella fast, grip dey ass like the oven mitt
I'm gooned up, boy! Rich as fuck, boy!
Black and gold brakes, that's my truck, boy
I'm on my Eastside, shit I'm workin
I got the party goin, and it's jerkin
My niggas all long, we rollin out deck
Hoes gettin in, you betta pick a bitch
'Cause when I shut it down, the party's over wit
She call me Superman, I'm on my (Soulja) shit (YOOOOOOOU!)
Boss Dogg, get 'em, I sick 'em and take 'em home
West Coast bitch, I'm on my fuckin throne
I'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes
And slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em vamanos
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!! SNOOP!!!!! DOGG!!!!!)
(HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!! HEY!!!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I Wanna rock right now
Yeah, uhh
Wanna say whattup to all them riders
All them siders, all them gangstas, and all them beotches
Yeah, we keep it gangsta
Yeah, we keep it gangsta
Dippin down Long Beach Boulevard
I only rides with my Doggs, and I don't give a fuck
about none of y'all, I'm ridin til the wheels fall off
I only rides with my Doggs
Dippin down Compton Boulevard
I only rides with my Doggs (say what) I don't give a fuck
about none of y'all (fuck y'all) I'm ridin til the wheels fall off
I only rides with my Doggs
Beware of the big mash, you knew he wasn't finished witcha ass
He'll stay on it til it's burnt out, looked how it turned out
Nuttin you can do, can't help you out
So fall down, Dr. Dre done fell back into the House (DPG)
with the Pound, bitches keep throwin pussy at us
We don't want it, yea bitch it don't matter
It's all about the money, if you got it, throw THAT up (throw it up)
Hmm, ride along witcha set (Eastsiiide)
And watch us, you motherfuckers can't do that yet
I skirt out, I hit a corner on ya, fuck doin halfway
I do it to the fullest, I'll probably catch bullets on my last day
I hope a prayer come through so I can eat
My shoes lookin like about a buck fifty each (but I ain't trippin)
But I'ma come up, that's on my momma
Now that's on me, cause that's a burden on my momma
And she done suffered, the shit's gettin rougher
And when the goin get tough, the tough get a strap
and low-ridin's on the map
Snoop Dogg's #1 the whole Pound's got snaps (nigga)
Yeahh, tell me, have you seen us?
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it
Uhh, actin a fool, nigga done paid his dues
and got my receipt in return, so I recline the leather seats
with a trunk full of beats and, chronic filled leafs to burn
No concern as I make a left turn on the Sharpe (sup nigga?)
Off of Jefferson, feelin awfully naked at the U-turn
Shit, left my gun, that's a no-no
Fuck Ronald Parks, I'm my own po'-po'
Nigga talkin dirty after dark, startin stuff
May have to mark up a nigga FUBU logo
Lettin off like a Ruger promo
And even though I'm about the hoes, I never doubt the dulos
You know the rule goes, where there's a hoe there's a hater
(Fuck them niggaz!) Well there's some hoes over there,
and I concentrate on the haters later (what?)
Give these bitches numbers to the pager
Invite em to the next Dre function as party favors
Who said pimpin's hard labor?
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Heyyy, ohh yeah, ohh yeah
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
We're always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
Al-always, dippin
Better watch out, cause here we come
We're always, we're dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come
In them streets, dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come
Hittin them corners, dippin (dippin)
Better watch out, cause here we come
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it, naw however you need it, we just dippin!
Bendin corners on gold Daytona's, we heated, so beat it
However you want it
Get ready for the next battle.
I fade Em
Running
I fade Em
I need that
I fade Em (I fade Em)
Running
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
Running homie
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
Running homie
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
I need that
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
Running homie
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
Fist like Tekken
Jump kick wood tips on you in a second
Ready for the battle
You can pick the weapons
Got this combo
Here comes the blastin
Smash on you Pronto
From all directions
Lined to fade up
Buttons get to pressing
Get you with the fisticuffs
Homie you my next win
Get you powered up and come back for revenge
When I start checking chin
You won’t last a couple of seconds
Busters gone in a wind
And Doggy does it again
Step in y’all
Rapping Dogg
Tip toe
Reckon this is teeken
I Fade Em
Running
I fade Em
I need that
I fade Em (I fade Em)
Runnin
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
Running homie
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
Running homie
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
I need that
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
Running homie
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
I knock Em down down down
Put down the sticks
Survival of the fitt‘
You bout to get smashed on
Probably get flipped
Probably get kicked
So you probably gonna lose
So you probably bout to quit
Alright then Dogg
Almost kicked your braids off
Shaker #1 and I still remain boss
2 one 1, homie
First round Dre picked
Get your jaw broke
Get laid down quick
We gotta have hands in this fight and turn Em in
Put it on quick, pressed start to go!
Get punched in a lip
When I keep playing then a loosa get tipped
(Hahaha)
Set him on his pocket
See I ain’t here to quit
(Fade Em)
Who wanna go?
Running
I fade Em
I need that
I fade Em
Running
I knock Em down
Running homie
I knock Em down
Running homie
(What?)
I knock Em down (down, down)
I need that (I need that)
I knock Em down (I knock Em down)
Running homie
I knock Em (I knock Em down)
I knock Em down down down
This one goes out
To the top selector
Snoop D-O-double-G
AKA Snoop Blya
Bob Marley reincarnated
Yamma
Check it
Bloaw
Yeah
Church
Rastafarian
Takin' a second for me to blow your mind
Tekk it
Jack it
Takin' a second for me to blow your mind
Tekk it
Jack it
Takin' a second for me to blow your mind
Tekk it
Jack it
Jack it
Takin' a second for me to blow your mind
Tekk it
Jack it
Jack it
Yeah
Reincarnated
Snoop D-O-double-G
Jia
AKA Snoop Lion
Check it
Takin' a second for me to blow your mind
Den I walk and I talk bout dis one
Den I laugh and go on to dat other one
Hey what you want, you can't getty, getty
And the problem will get real dready, dready
Who feels it knows, and I suppose that you’ll never know
Ohh, you’ll reap what you sow
Can’t plant the corn where the peas want fit grow, nooo
La la la la la la la la la la, oh yeah
La la la la la la la la la la, oh yeah
La la la la la la la la la la, oh yeah
La la la la la la la la la la, oh yeah
See them hypocrites they come again
Demma spread dirty lies, them man no me friend
Though, a story like that happened
And the one who spilled on him will have a problem
Hey, who feels it knows, and I suppose them heart made out of stone
Hoo, you’ll reap what you sow but it the one well that you are bound to drop off
Who feels it knows, and I suppose that you’ll never know
Ohh, you’ll reap what you sow
Can’t plant the corn where the peas want fit grow, nooo
La la la la la la la la la la, ooh yeah
La la la la la la la la la la, ooh yeah
La la la la la la la la la la, ooh yeah
La la la la la la la la la la, ooh yeah
Respect! every time
Yeah, baby, I'm just out here trying to get this money...
I mean it's hard.. hustling late night
You know (late niight)
Some of these suckas out there tryna get what I got
Tryna pull me down (late night)
But you know.. I'm a real playa
Real hustler.. real gangsta
I'm bout getting this money (late night)
I don't give a fuck what time it is..
It can go down all night..
Button up the honcho, grab the brownies and heat
First step, to collect a nigga's bread and meat
The squares asleep
But all the hogs out on the prowl
Blocks get locked down like they off a child
Time to eat up off the streets full of fiends and hypes
Checking cream off ecstasy to the green and white
Dub sacks, the drugs packed up in kilo bricks
Getcha slang on, bang on, and keep yo chips
Baller had this, cause the savage beast did need to floss
So the hard, Bogard, and we squeezed it soft
Late night, the game tight, went up a notch or two
With fake vice, playin nice, steady watching you
Impossible, the clock when you.. ain't overtiming
The vivrant ways for crimes on the grind and start shining
9 to 5 is midnight to sunrising
Occupation gangsta committed to thug life
On a late night..
That's the time we gone ride
Nigga, it's do or die
Late night
We ain't checking for names
When the hollow points fly
On a late night..
Deeper and deeper
We had to get into some gangsta shit
Late night
Deeper and deeper
They don't know who they fucking wit
Dead bodies with a funky smell
Throw 'em in the ocean
Jack the fo' up two times
And young nigga, keep coastin'
Turn on the DVD and watch myself on TV
It's killings after killings but they don't know it's me
It's lil' G, now what you think that stand fo?
I'm gangsta on the streets and I keep it Crippin' in the studio
Who else be up late night ready to jack like the whole house?
Gallop in yo shit like the black joust
To make it real simple and quick
If I don't have it, I gots to take yo shit
And it's all about the fast lane, nigga
When you see me on the streets, I got my finger on tha trigga
Never catch who's slippin' when I'm on them 2-wing deez
And when I get my bricks, I flood ya whole city in titties
Please believe, that I'm a lil' crazy motherfucker
Turned out by the Spillman's, Gaithen's, and Ruckas
On a late night..
That's the time that we gone move a gang away
Late night
They call me Chef Boyardee, pushin' up some cakes
On a late night..
Deeper and deeper
I bang these streets for all so long
Late night
Deeper and deeper
Uh, wit this game that I got, I can't go wrong
"Oh... Cali?
"No doubt"
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby" -
West West y'all, pile it on your plate
A little somethin' somethin' from the Golden State
Nah, we ain't like Kobe and Shaq
It's Magic and Kareem nigga, Showtime is back
True legends, two steppin' on you peasants
What y'all thought, y'all gon' need bout two vests'
Cause we he plug, I plug
Mixed shot with the slug, listen here cuh
when I dig dug - play slick and get stuck
But don't play tough boy, go and get it up
Hey yo Cube, tell me this
Why half of the homies gettin' worked by a bitch?
Then they fall in love and get hurt by a bitch
Nine months later cause got mirked by a bitch
See I'm just a nigga that ya don't wanna
Reverse the game on her, put the bitch on a corner
Welcome to California
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
(Welcome to Cali)
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
(Welcome to Cali)
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
(Welcome to Cali)
Come hit the town, drop down nigga
L-A-X, top down nigga
I'm scoopin' you up, ya rollin' or what?
I know what ya came for, I'm rollin' it up
Snoop Dogg nigga, y'all hold up
Never thought Ice Cube would show up
But I'm in the studio gettin' fucked up
with a beat from Battlecat, a nigga lucked up
I got my hustle down, look and learn
See how a hot nigga, cook and burn
A nigga earn like David Stern
mixed with Big Worm when he off that sherm
Now - bust a u-turn, come by your hood
For motherfuckers that think I went Hollywood
Pick a Coast, it got to be the West
I live out there, from the W.S. nigga
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
"LAX"
(Welcome to Cali)
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
"LAX"
(Welcome to Cali)
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
"LAX"
(Welcome to Cali)
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
Fell asleep on the plane, and so did he
Woke up chillin' in the LBC
I grew up in the HNC
But that ain't what I turned out to be
Understand me that I'm still a G
who ain't never spent a day in the penitentiary
Now I'm rappin' with Snoop D-O double-G
And got the whole fuckin' world nigga lovin' me
Yep yep, they love him to death
Cause he walk under water, without gettin' wet
Roll through the neighborhood without gettin' checked
So gone and so blown, are we there yet?
You wonder why I got the S on my chest
cause I'm a motherfuckin' vet from the Wild Wild West
I used to sing "Bennie and the Jets"
Nigga so boss now I sip Henny on my jets
From the East back to the West
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
(Welcome to Cali)
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
(Welcome to Cali)
"LAX"
"Oh... Cali?"
"No doubt baby"
(Welcome to Cali)
Ay ay Snoop whattup? This your nigga Dre
Ay man I was thinkin I ain't said shit on your whole motherfuckin album
So check it out, put this on there:
All you motherfuckin haters out there, can suck my motherfuckin dick!
And we still smokin, what?!
For the nigga who be talkin loud and holdin his dick
Talkin shit, he better LAY LOW
For the bitch that said I shot some shit up out of my dick
Now she sick, she better LAY LOW
For the niggaz who be claimin my hood
and really ain't from my gang, better LAY LOW
I hope he don't be thinkin I'm just talkin
and I won't do a thing, really HOPE SO!
Hmm, lay low, nobody move until I say so
Limo tint rollin deep like the President
See I don't go to clubs, I never chase a bitch (beitch)
I'm here to bang that gangsta shit to the apocalypse
We call it stress, some of y'all call it chocolate
Return of the Top Dogg, and ain't no stoppin this
Whatever the case, I ain't tryin to catch it
Lay low, blow big dope, and slang records
Unseen but well heard, do not disturb
The only reason you alive cause I ain't sent the word
I flip, faster than birds, Snoop Dogg will emerge
from the smoke and go loc, you shouldn't provoke
I bring the worst from the L.B.C.
Smash motherfuckers thinkin they gon' smash on me
Snoop and Dre give a FUCK about what y'all say
From the "World's Most Dangerous Group" - N.W.A
Ay, ay
Our rise, it was no surprise
I always knew these fools would trip
Hatin, fakin, schemin on mine
and on the down low talkin shit
Best move cause I refuse to lose
no matter which damn road I choose
So lay low cause you might be bruised
Top story on the evening news
I ain't for games, so if you wanna play 'em lay low
Lay down on the floor
I'm in a rage, so if we gotta do this let me know
That's what I came fo'
Where that nigga who be talkin shit?
He don't come around no more because I fucked his bitch
I made her suck my dick, while I was squeezin the tits
Then I hit it from the back, gripped tight on them hips
She tried to make me cum, but I was tryin to take her home
Dropped you off and seen you fishin on your raggedy Brougham
Coulda thumped you and the dog (you little fag)
And don't sag too hard, you show everybody your thong
Booyaka booyaka, we bring it straight to ya
From 22's to Luger's the shit that shoot through ya
Who you motherfuckers think the Top Dogg bang with?
The same click he came with and made the game flip
Now niggaz grow they hair, hope they stayin act hard
That's even tho' yo' CEO talk shit get slapped hard
The backyard is where we get our scrap on
The black car drive by then you get capped on
Whassup pimpin? It's P and Snoop
With Dre on the beat, this ain't nuttin but loot
They call me Jackhammer for all the bread I got
but they call me Bill Clinton for all the head I got
I keeps it real-ah, cause I'm all about my scrilla
The ladies love me cause I'm a million dolla hitta
It's, No Limit til I D-I-E
C-P-3, or Richmond, Cali's where I be
Yo.. uh-huh
I'ma try somethin different on this right here
but I know y'all gon' feel it
cause I know y'all feel me
It's some real shit right here, y'knahmsayin?
I ain't never did it like this before
Check this out..
I'm the kind of G that everybody knows
But I'm so low-key, when it comes to hoes
I never break the rules and that's just how it goes
All my friends and foes - know that's just how it goes
I can flip the script but I chose not to this time
There's so much to say with so little time, but I like it
(Yes I like it)
I'm gon' dip dive socialize and get high
I wish my people had, other ways
I'm thankful, that a brother's paid (that a brother's paid)
But how can I be happy?  My hair is still nappy
I miss my grandpappy
I wanna do right but the world is wrong
That's why I'm singin this song
I'm tryin to stack a dollar pop my collar while I'm singin my song
Y'all niggaz better leave me alone (I think you better leave me alone)
I think y'all betta leave me alone (I think you better leave me alone)
I'm tryin to stack a dollar pop my collar while I'm singin my song
You bitches better leave me alone (I think you better leave me alone)
I think y'all betta leave me alone (I think you better leave me alone)
There's so much goin on out there in the world today
All these - ladies, players, gangsters, and suckers
I get caught up sometimes, some of the people I hang with
they turn out to be snitches, bitches, yeah they switches
But you know like I know I can't stop doin, what I got to do
I'ma keep doin what I got to (I'ma keep doin) y'know!
Everywhere I go, the game is the same
People lookin at me want me to say somethin
want me to do somethin, but I don't know nuttin
If I ain't gettin paid, I can't drop no rhymes
I can't do nothin for you no mo', I ain't got that kinda time
and they know..
I try to be to myself, and try to stay.. away from the world
But the world just keeps runnin after me (runnin after me)
I try to shield myself away from all the wickedness
but somehow, the wickedness is in my circle - what am I to do?
I try to ask God to help me get through this
what am I to do to this?  Just do this, let's do this
So I, continue to mash, day by day (day by day)
I continue to play, play by play
And I con-tinue to spit my manuscript (spit it)
and say what I want to say (say it)
And I do it to ya ev-ery-day
Leave me alone, I think you better leave me alone
Leave me alone, leave me alone - better leave me alone
If it don't pay you wrong, leave me alone
I think you better leave me alone, leave me alone
Leave me alonnnne, leave me alonnnne
If it don't pay you wrong..
Feels so real and my mind won’t let go
Let it go, you got to let it go
It feels so real but my mind won’t let go
Let it go, you got to let it go
In my mind I know
There’s no room without you
And you know, you know that we
That we belong together
You got the upper hand on me
Feels so real but my mind won’t let go
Let it go, you got to let it go
It feels so real but my mind won’t let go
Let it go, you got to let it go
I came to funk wit you one time
Making everybody wanna get up
This is the way we funk, yes sir
Making everybody wanna get up
I said it slow, so let it go
This is what we headed for
Once in a lifetime, you’re my lifeline
Baby boo on the real, it’s the right time
For us to let it out
And move you back into my house
And show you what this lovin is all about
I really didn’t think that I can turn you out
In your mind you know
There’s no room without me
And I know, I know that we
That we belong together
I got the upper hand on me
And it feels so real but my mind won’t let go
Let it go, you got to let it go
It feels so real but my mind won’t let go
You got to let it go, you got to let it go
I came to funk wit you one time
Making everybody wanna get up
This is the way we funk, yes sir
Making everybody wanna get up
Feels so real but my mind won’t let go
Let it go, you got to let it go
It feels so real but my mind won’t let go
You got to let it go, you got to let it go
Feels so real and my mind won’t let go
Well it's the super duper Snoopa once again I'm on the fly
Swoopin through I'm in my coupe and all the bitches want a ride
If it's trippin like I'm clippin I'm still grippin on my nine
We be Crip'n while I'm dippin with my C's up in the sky
And the East is still my side, I'm a reaper when I ride
Fuck a feature, I don't need a motherfucker, I'm the guy
I delete 'em, stampede 'em, straight eat 'em like some fries
Get a ketchup, get 'em messed up, turn the heat up let 'em fry
Ain't no different when I'm rippin, pimpin's still up in his prime
TV shows, movie hoes, pimpin's still up on his grind
Man these hoes don't know, I'm workin with a nine
I ain't talkin 'bout a gun, I'm talkin feel it in your spine
when I hit it from behind, if I go up in your mouth
I might hit you in the mind, you know what I'm talkin 'bout
It'll thrill ya, I'm the stealer that'll kill ya with the rhythm of a trigger
Motherfucker better duck before I hit her, bang!
Dogg-y Dogg, is all, you need
So love, the Dogg, like we, love weed
(Breathe in) Breathe in (breathe out) let it out
(Breathe in) Breathe in (breathe out) let it out
(Breathe in) Breathe in (breathe out) let it out
(Breathe in) Breathe in (breathe out) let it out
You niggaz mad cause I done came and crept up back up on the scene
This is bye, retire, I'm still spittin gasoline
I'm a gangsta motherfucker what the fuck you think that means?
Little nigga I'm the king, I ain't givin up a thing
If you want it come and take it nigga, I'll be sittin waitin
Make a patient nigga got the other ear and I'll bake a nigga
Fuck it put the gun down, and straight bank a nigga
Take it nigga, take it nigga fuck, you ain't this nigga
.. Slow down my turbo flow
.. Inhale my doe-doe smoke
.. Okay I let the fo'-fo' blow
And the po-po know, that's why they on my dick
And they at my crib, tryin to find my shit
Tryin to search my house, what the fuck that's 'bout?
I ain't givin up shit, you can search that bitch
I ain't got nuttin Jack; get the fuck on back
Have you ever seen a woman go from frantic to calm?
Like real fast? Let me explain
Don't ever snap on me what? Over forty nigga! what!
You know I'm what? I'm doin me and what?!
Still look good too and what? Nigga you see me? You see me man
Nigga! Nigga look at the boy! Nigga look at the boy!
I see ya! Uh Look look look look hey hey hey look real quick
Yep! I'm like go team Erick
I was born with dopeness just swag you inherit (Uh Huh!)
Kids! This is why I'm hot
Playboy approach me wrong, this is why I shot
Huh! Ball! I get the game from my pop
'Til everyone know my name the game don't stop
Now! Not! So I keep pumpin the block
Until I'm big as Rihanna and Mason's rock
While you love Sosa
I'm over here lovin this RG3 Redskin that's on my sofa
Her ass alone man bigger than Oprah
Puerto Rican, Dominican first name Rosa
Anyway, let me explain one time
Uzi, we up in here makin a movie
Check Slate, it's a wrap
I'm a bigger nigga with figure you figure how's that? HUH!
Hey! Hey! Let me explain this
Hey! Hey! Let me explain this
Hey! Hey! (SAY IT WITH YOUR CHEST!)
(LIL' ASS NIGGA! SAY IT WITH YOUR CHEST!)
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
My money bigger than homie you funny niggas is phony
Tony told me he showed me so I gotta get mine
Let me just slip into the back of the wide
Open your eyes let your window down now you in the passenger side
Get in, now you get it, quit it and with it
Waan come test me now tell 'em the Lion did it
And bit 'em off a chip of the block of the wood
Lil' homie couldn't rock if he could click cockin and pull
Hip hopin over lot of the bull more pull
And yes, I am paid and full
Fa schizzay, my nizzay, Erick D-i-iznay!
That's all I'm a sizznay, okizzay
'Cause I'm too mean too cool too cold too slick
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick
That nigga Snoop about to take yo' bitch
With no hesitation or explanation
Pimp!
Hey! Hey! Let me explain this
Hey! Hey! Let me explain this
Hey! Hey! (SAY IT WITH YOUR CHEST!)
(LIL' ASS NIGGA! SAY IT WITH YOUR CHEST!)
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Yo! Like a room full of black of raw heat
They see the flow back gettin all geek, It's like I'm Pete Charles I'm all street
They come in time money but talk cheap
But rappers wanna kick it I'm all feet
Every line artistic that's all me, my man's son autistic that's so key
The why go and get it I'm so G
That's why I wear the fitted so low key, that's why I kill the critic for no fee
Then tell the judge I did it and go free
E double E my co-d
Let's throw the book at 'em what's yo' plea?
Guilty as charged that's how it is when your guilty and charged
Took a bunch of Def, artist and built me a Squad
What's today's math? Build with the God, weed, women and cars
Lock the game down I'm givin 'em bars
What is life if you ain't livin it large? If you ain't livin it large
Go get the price checked and get you a job
But wait
Hey! Hey! Let me explain this
Hey! Hey! Let me explain this
Hey! Hey! (SAY IT WITH YOUR CHEST!)
(LIL' ASS NIGGA! SAY IT WITH YOUR CHEST!)
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Hey! Hey! Nigga look real quick!
Yeah!
Yesssirrr!
Can I get more thrills?
You know you want some more girl, so come on
Can I get more thrills?
You know you want some more girl, so come on
Let's get blowwwwwnnnn.. let's get blowwwwwnnnn..
Looking at the ladies, all of them fly
I don't know which one I want dawg
I can't make up my mind, girl
So won't you make it easy on me?
Take this drink, then hit this weed
Two step wit me, let's slip to the dance floor
On and on and on and on we go
I'll dip you if you want me to
You see I really wanna get a little front wit you, bigidy bump wit you
A nigga wanna hump you and then just comfort you
And then I'll pop the top and lay you on the cot, and get you nice and hot
Yeah yeah, it's all to the real
We could do it like Guy, c'mon girl "Let's Chill"
Now you can fly the friendly skies
With the S-N double O-P D-O double G-Y
Now don't ask why, just keep looking good in the hood
Damn girl, you so fly! We could do what you want to
You say you drink Alize or was is Malibu? It don't really matter though
You remind me of the time when I had a ho
She kept telling me Doggy Dogg I gotta go
So I let her get in the wind and co-macked her friend
2 plus 2, it equals 4, this is some shit that could last forever more
I'm trying to put my bid in, naw I'm just kidding
Come on ma get in, and don't ask where we going
Pimping and hoeing, drink pouring and weed blowing, you know it c'mon!
I've been looking at you, from the corner of my eyes
Checking out your hips, lips, tits and your theighs
I've been wanting to do you, for a mighty long time
You make a pimp wanna sing I - I - I
We'll head to the hills, your dreams I'll fulfill
We could do it how you want, cause I'm oh so real
Tell me you, naw I won't squeal
You wit Da Big Bo$$ Dogg so seal the deal
Pharrell got the Babyface and Snoop got the Whip Appeal, so name the place
This love I bring to you, on the real baby girl
Won't you do me a favor and sing for Snoop
You know you want it!! (if I got it I'm a give it to you)
So come and get it!! (if I got it I'm a give it to you)
If I got it (if I got it I'm a give it to you)
(Then you can get it) Ya know! Hey!!! Oh!!
Can I get more thrills? .. Can I get more thrills?
Yea wassup baby girl
I'm just looking over this homework
I really need some help
You wanna study with me?
That'd be nice, yea
I wanna go study, baby would you be my buddy?
and help me with my project, cause you are who I roll with
honestly I know it, take me boo, you the one I wanna go with
5 days out the week, my stay's out the street
It pays to be discreet, your fragrance is sweet
Honeydew, money do
But this ain't about no money, this about me and you making ooh
Take it from me, first day of school I'm looking cool, I got my clothes pressed
I'm a senior but I'm seeming like an old vet
Time will pass me by if I don't graduate this time so I expand my mind
Find ways, to elevate it, motivate it, calculate it, reinstate it
Look at you girl, you got me dedicated
I wanna go study, baby would you be my buddy?
and help me with my project, cause you are who I roll with
honestly I know it, take me boo, you the one I wanna go with
5 days out the week, my stay's out the street
It pays to be discreet, your fragrance is sweet
Uh, put me on the game
Though I keep my head in these books, I'm not a lame
Usually kinda square, I'm trying to use it for a change
Telling bitches things, like if wanna get with me you gon need a lot of brains
And just cause I don't play, who say I can't ball?
My nigga Mac, dude me and him is in the same hall
So don't get mad if I relax and get my bake on
Just promise that you'll try to catch me if my grades fall
I wanna go study, baby would you be my buddy?
and help me with my project, cause you are who I roll with
honestly I know it, take me boo, you the one I wanna go with
5 days out the week, my stay's out the street
It pays to be discreet, your fragrance is sweet
Devin there you are, look at my repertoire
Spitting game, you know for reppin hard
Change that perspective, that's my objective
Cool and oh so collective, connected
Check this, I need you more that you could know
See you the seed in my weed, baby help me grow
Let it go, let me know where to meet at
Student of the week, baby I will be that, you know I need that
I wanna go study, baby would you be my buddy?
and help me with my project, cause you are who I roll with
honestly I know it, take me boo, you the one I wanna go with
5 days out the week, my stay's out the street
It pays to be discreet, your fragrance is sweet
Call you on your phone and never come see you, darling I will never do that
I'm roaming through the halls and asking people who be with you just to try to know where you at
Call you on your phone and never come see you, darling I will never do that
I'm roaming through the halls and asking people who be with you just to try to know where you at
I wanna go study, baby would you be my buddy?
and help me with my project, cause you are who I roll with
honestly I know it, take me boo, you the one I wanna go with
5 days out the week, my stay's out the street
It pays to be discreet, your fragrance is sweet
Yeah, get up, get down
That's what P Funk say
Get your money man, it's hard out there
It's hard out there, dogg
What, yeah, huh
Get yours, get yours, get yours
Shootin' dice on length with a couple of G's
Dust off my knees, twist off my cap and breathe
Jump in the six-four, sittin' on D
Spit a few caps at my enemies
Please, freeze, there's a new sheriff in town
Livin' in the projects, Dogg Pound Pound
No father figure, just gangbang nigga
Cuz they give it up quicker and they learn to pull a trigger
All role models on TV
Most of us ain't got a TV, you feel me?
Shit, Michael Jordan don't come through
I bet the nigga get the money when it time to sell his shoe
I'm telling you, I ain't puttin' him down
Cuz I love him to death but I ain't ever seen him in my town
But you could see Snoop Dogg everyday
I'm boss to the blocks like the projects in the PJ's
Yeah, for those of you who don't know
This is the land of the scandalous and cut throats
Child support- that's unheard of
Number one crime in the motherfucker- murder
Ya heard me?  Hmm, I'ma stay down
For the get down, from a puppy to the big dogg
Put that on the penthouse
Life in the projects, bang, bang, pow, pow
Is how it sounds
Life in the projects
Where it's hard to get by
But you got it cuz your spot's gettin' hotter
Life in the projects
Where grass is cheese and cheese is power
Life in the projects
Where you got to have the will to know how
Know how to do what?  Survive
Life in the projects
You got to get yours cuz I'ma get mine
Life in the projects, goodness grief
Everybody waitin' on the 1st and 15th
The police man is tryin' to get atcha
Catcha, snatcha, open up your fridge
Nuttin' lookin' back atcha
So you open up your freeza and say 'God, please'
I wish we had some more of this government cheese
I'm duckin' buckshots, see, walkin' on my knees
Ain't no trees, the grass ain't green
And when I say it's all bad, you know what I mean
There's One In Every Family- what?  A Fiend
And a basketball star with no team, no dreams
Remember good times?  JJ and Michael?
And all the lil' thangs they went through despite
Nobody in the projects gave a fuck
Ain't no good, it's all badluck, shucks, shoppin' poppin'
Back up on all the scene, from the George Down, PJ's, Cali or projects
And the Cabrini Greens, my niggas get wild on they ass
We like to pow-pow on they ass
Here's a toast to the coast, so take a blast
From the projects to the upper deck, upper class
A long way from where I come from
I know where I'm at, nigga, I can't forget where I came from
Life in the projects
Yeah
I know all them real niggas out there that's livin' they life in the projects
That's going through that bullshit, y'know
I know how y'all niggas feel
Nigga, Doggy Dogg for ya pain
It's like I'm livin' in the motherfuckin' projects, too
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
They want y'all to throw me out my state
So, fuck
I might as well move back in the projects
That's where my real niggas at any motherfuckin' way
I gotta get mine, I gotta get mine
Life in the projects
Nigga, better get yours cuz I'ma get mine
Life in the projects, feel me?
You better get yours cuz I'ma get mine
Life in the projects, yeah
You better get yours cuz I'ma get mine
Life in the projects, yeah
We out, we out
Hey look I'm only in town for a night
And when I pull up man the crowd get hyped
And everybody love me, the browns to the whites
You live like a movie but a movie my life
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I show up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I blow up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I show up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I blow up)
Now go and roll up the Swisher
But don't drink all my liquor
You know it's all good my nigga
Give me one second, I'll pose for your picture
Like cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese
Now everybody just freeze, freeze, freeze, freeze
Now DJ bring the music please
I'm the life of the party
It don't take much, for me to get started
Every time you see me, I'm with a bunch of girls
Straight to the table, in my own world
The ballplayers know me, movie stars too
See my homie Snoop, we doin' what we do
Don't matter where we at, Miami or Vegas
Every time you ask me, yeah I'm a player
(Beotch) Cause I'm the life of the party
I got ten bad bitches, actin' retarded
I'm tryin' to meet a few new ones
What's up with you girl, maybe we can do somethin'
Do you drink, do you smoke?
I could tell by your purse and your shoes you ain't broke
Hang with me, the first thing you do is get stuck
Take you somewhere, later on you'll get fucked, beotch!
Hey look I'm only in town for a night
And when I pull up man the crowd get hyped
And everybody love me, the browns to the whites
You live like a movie but a movie my life
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I show up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I blow up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I show up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I blow up)
Now go and roll up the Swisher
But don't drink all my liquor
You know it's all good my nigga
Give me one second, I'll pose for your picture
Like cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese
Now everybody just freeze, freeze, freeze, freeze
Now DJ bring the music please
I've been trappin' all day, gettin' paper
Headed to the club in my brand new scaper
Gators on my feet, money in my pocket
I gotta do a show so you know I'm bout to rock it
See my homie $hort, layin' low-key
I strolled over to him, and passed him the bleezy
Dogg y Dog, anything goes
Snappin' my fingers, crackin' at some hoes
What do ya know, I'm in The A gettin' play all day
A lot of y'all wanna ball and try to walk this way
Y'all want that shine-shine but that's all mine
I'm bonafied, qualified to have a hot damn time
Now listen, get the picture, and take a picture of me quick
See 'cause tomorrow I got a new city that I'm gon' hit
A double whammy, right before I do the Grammy's
I do a show with Puff Daddy way out in South Miami
Hey look I'm only in town for a night
And when I pull up man the crowd get hyped
And everybody love me, the browns to the whites
You live like a movie but a movie my life
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I show up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I blow up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I show up)
I'm the life of the party
(Every time I blow up)
Now go and roll up the Swisher
But don't drink all my liquor
You know it's all good my nigga
Give me one second, I'll pose for your picture
Like cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese, cheese
Now everybody just freeze, freeze, freeze, freeze
Now DJ bring the music please
Count 'em man... there's about 12, 13, 14 bad bitches
It's me, two of my homies... drinkin', we smokin'
I see all the ballers in the house, what's up mayne?
They doin' it big over there too, but you know mayne
If I wasn't here, it wouldn't be the same
Cause I'm the life of the party baby
I hope you feel the same way about yourself, beotch!
Ayyyyy!!! Gully God, Snoop Dogg
Anywaaayyyyy!!! Ayyyyy!!! Come on! Gully!!!!
Put your lighters up!!!
Get high with me, fly with me, ain't no dividin us
Eastside, westside, northside, southside
Unified, come on and ride with us!
Put your lighters up!!!
Get high with me, fly with me, ain't no dividin us
Eastside, westside, northside, southside
Unified! High!!!!!!!!
We a keep up instance pon di same
Eastside and di westside come in
Yardman inna di place, yuh know we eva clean
Highgrade flow through we bloodstream
Di goons dem out di grisl dem out we love di chemistry
We makin money fuck di guns we nuh waan nuh enemy
Come mek we do this 'til a mornin not 'til it touch dawn
And, link up wid mi, all ends meet
Put your lighters up!!!
Get high with me, fly with me, ain't no dividin us
Eastside, westside, northside, southside
Unified, come on and ride with us!
Put your lighters up!!!
Get high with me, fly with me, ain't no dividin us
Eastside, westside, northside, southside
Unified! High!!!!!!!!
High! Ain't no dividin us we choose the destiny
And we don't need no negative to get the best of me
Yeah! Love and unity alone can get to me
Or if a girl, need me
So if you know alot of love we spread put your light up
Fi a better day yuh try and get a brighter love
Ghetto yutes stop the war make no shots no buss
Buss a blank and light the bastard up! Yeah!
Put your lighters up!!!
Get high with me, fly with me, ain't no dividin us
Eastside, westside, northside, southside
Unified, come on and ride with us!
Put your lighters up!!!
Get high with me, fly with me, ain't no dividin us
Eastside, westside, northside, southside
Unified! High!!!!!!!!
Ay! Togetha mek di chedda, show love to one anodda
Every man fi live like bredda
Unity is di strength fi we mek it betta help yuh bredda up di ladda
Love in every country and....
Snoop Dogg and Popcaan dem dun get di vision
So we all can live inna one, bun division
Go spread di news pon di television
Put up yuh lighter and wave yuh hands, so
Put your lighters up!!!
Get high with me, fly with me, ain't no dividin us
Eastside, westside, northside, southside
Unified, come on and ride with us!
Put your lighters up!!!
Get high with me, fly with me, ain't no dividin us
Eastside, westside, northside, southside
Unified! High!!!!!!!!
This one is about unity yuh know!
Gully God, Snoop Dogg
Whassup with that goddamn camera nigga what's crackin?
Aight let Snoop through with the Western Union (bitch though)
Damani! Soopafly! Ay Bad Lucc! What's up nigga?
I'd like to welcome the Western Union
onto this "Blue Carpet Treatment"
Some playa partners of mine
And we gon' show y'all this new dance we got
Like this (like this, it's easy to do)
Like this (yeah, it's so easy to do)
Grab a honey, take her to the floor and do it just like this
(You can do it, you can do it just just like this)
You don't have to break it down to the floor (c'mon, yeah)
All you gotta do is keep movin your hands like this
(Like this, you do can do it, you can do it too)
Like this (c'mon, you can do it, you can do it too)
I feel playa when I move and dancin to the song
All I wanna do is get my groove on like this
I throw my hands like Marvin
Sorta like James Brown how I +Get Down+
I'm holdin my chain so it don't swang
I'm slidin my feet, stayin on the beat
I dip low then bring it back slow
If you didn't wanna dance, why you on the flo'?
Damani's on the go and Mr. Lucc on the catch-up
Soopa Doopa behind, and baby this a set-up
Two-step with me - call your girls
I got two ref's with me, they call the game quickly
Big boy smooth, I'm too cool for the runway
Playa of the year, my gear's set for Sunday
Wait right here girl I'm comin back Monday
Slide right in front of me
Get our dance on, Fred Astaire, Faye Dunaway
Eyes on us while we move to the clap
I'm nice with the dance and I'm smooth with the rap
We in the zone with the lights and glamour
Glass full of Patron, the code is grammar
Coat made of panther, excuse me miss
Let me show you how to do it
Let me holla at you baby, come close, it's
Bigg Snoop Dogg, king of the caost, bitch
Walk with me, stay focused
Put it on me little mama, let me see you stroke this
It seems like, the mo' hits
On a slow drift, bubble like a fo'-fifth
And everybody everybody notice
So to cool cool Calvin Broadus
And every woman is a goddess
And every rapper is a artist
Yeah right, you're dead wrong, just sing along
It's Godzilla for reala my nigga, King Kong
Givin niggaz the blues
As I'm walkin on these fools in my blue suede tennis shoes
I'm two-steppin with my weapon close
On the dance flo' loc, cause you never know
Yeah baby girl, she's strapped, but she cool
cause we ain't come, to act no motherfuckin fool
We just chillin like a villain, got my hands to the ceilin
And I'm feelin the feelin, come feelin like this
Check it out
I-I know baby girl I know
See, out here in the West
Nah, we don't do that
We don't do the motorcycle dance
We don't do the snap, uh-uh
We do a lil' somethin like this, c'mere
C'mere, you think you can do that with me baby?
Do it just like this, c'mon
Yeah...
Yeah, gotta say what's up to my nigga Slick Rick
For those who don't like it, eat a dick
But for those who with me, sing that shit
As it go a little something like this
La Di Da Di, we likes to party
We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody
We're, just some niggaz who're on the mic
And when we rock up on the mic we rock the mic (right)
For all my Doggs keepin y'all in health
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
Cuz it's cool when ya cause a cozy conditionin
Which we create, cuz that's our mission
So listen close, to what we say
Because this types of shit happens every-day
I woke up around 10 o'clock in the mornin
I gave myself a strech up, a mornin yawn and
went to the bathroom to wash up
I threw some soap on my face and put my hands up on a cup
and said um "Mirror mirror, on, the wall
Who is the top Dogg of them all?"
There was a rubble dubble, five minutes it lasted
The mirror said, "You are you conceited bastard"
Well that's true, that's why we never have no beef
So I slipped off my khakis and my gold leaf
Used Oil of Olay, cuz my skin gets pale
And then I got the file, for my fingernails
I'm true to the style on my behalf
I put some bubbles in the tub so I can take a bubble bath
Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new Doggy underwear
for all the bitches I might take home
I got the Johnson baby powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed, like a million bucks
Threw on my white sox, with my all blue chucks
Stepped out the house, stopped short, oh no
I went back in, I forgot my indo
Then I dilly (dally) I ran through an (alley)
I bumped into this smoker named (Sally) from the (Valley)
This was a girl playin hard to get
So I said "What's wrong?" cuz she looked upset
She said um
It's all because of you, i'm feelin said and blue
You went away, now my life is filled with rainy days
I love you so, how much you'll never know
Cause you took your dope away from me
A-huh, a-huh, ahuh
Damn, now what was I to do
She's cryin over me and she was feelin blue
I said, "Um, don't cry, dry your eye
And here comes your mother with those two little guys"
Her mean mother steps then says to me "Hi!!"
Decked Sally in the face and punched her in the eye
Punched her in the belly and stepped on her feet
Slammed the child on the hard concrete
The bitch was strong, the kids was gone
Somethin was wrong I said, "What was goin on?"
I tried to break up, I said, "Stop it, just leave her!"
She said, "If I can't smoke none, she can't either!"
She grabbed my closely by my socks
So I broke the hell out, and I grabbed my sack of rocks
But um, they gave chase, they caught up quick
They started cryin on my shoes and grabbin my dick
and sayin....
Why don't you give me a play
So we can brake it down the Long Beach way
And if you give me that okay
I'll give you all my love today
Doggy, Doggy, Doggy, can't you see
Somehow your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your jazzy ways
Doggy Dogg, your love is here to stay
And on and on and on she kept goin
The bitch been around before my mother's born!
I said, "Cheer up!" so I gave her a hit
I said, "You can't have me, I'm too young for you bitch!"
She said, "No you're not," then she starts cryin
I says I'm nineteen, she says, "Stop lyin!"
I says, "I am, go ask my mother
And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover"
Yeah, uhh, tic toc you don't stop
And to the, ah tic toc and you don't quit
Yeah, tic toc and ya don't stop, and to the
ah tic toc and ya don't quit, beeeotch!
Domino motherfucker what's happenin?
Ahh nigga eat a dick nigga, don't break my momma's nice ass table nigga
Yeah fuck that, fuck what they talkin bout nigga
Rack them motherfuckin dominoes up nigga
Fuck that nigga, just look, look out for the table nigga
Fuck that
Aiyyo where's Snoop Dogg?
I don't know them niggaz went upstairs with that big booty bitch man
Ahh no he ain't bustin no nuts on my momma's spread
That nigga up there gettin his socks blown the fuck off
Gettin his ass chewed out
Better ask somebody
Balls licked up and down
Hell yeah
Aiyyo whassup with them niggaz that was on the TV dissin you?
Man fuck them niggaz, man I ain't thinkin about that old shit, man
Busta ass, HIV pussy-ass motherfuckers
Yo yo yo Daz, easy come, easy *blam*
Just Blaze!
Ehehe, oh really?
You know what? .. You talk too much
Hoe get up out my face unless you tryin to fuck
Cause on the real a nigga kinda drunk
And right now the way you lookin bitch you fly as fuck
I don't even know if I done had too much
You play too much, I had to fuck
Cuddled you up and put my hands on your butt
Rubbin your stuff and now your pants full of nut
.. You can't tell me nuttin
Let me shoot my thang on your bellybutton
I got to, keep it gangsta
Your homegirl want some, I just might bank her
Shank her, bank her, and take her bankroll
Big Snoop Dogg and my game is way cold
Never, ever, overexpose
I usually got a car with a room full of hizzoes
Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
Soopa-Duper, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
Now bitch, check it out, where my money, c'mon break it out
Just sayin hoe, I ain't playin c'mon, take it out
Dick down the track, c'mon, we gon' work it out
Straight pimp shit we on, we gon' church it out
(If you don't know) I'm quick to change up stick
My dick in yo' mouth and aim up
Open up your eyes you'll see my navel
Flip down my drawers, you'll see that label
Sniffed so much 'caine/Kane, the bitch got able/Abel
Put the switch on, directed my cable
Splash!  What head work and what ass
Bitch stop my dick hurtin, now fuck Daz
Run fast if I tell ya bitch walk
Get caught, I'm takin all that bitch got
I don't need no relationship
All I really had in mind was my dick, yo' face and lips, c'mon
Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
Hovi Baby, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
Young! Woo! Hov'! Yes
She wanna meet the only king on the East coast
Hook me up witcha boy Snoop she said he so low
I never get the chance to get at him
Only on the TV when I blow kisses at him, muah
Listen here madam, you can throw the pussy at him
If it ain't about snatch, well it just won't happen!
.. Hov ain't into backwards mackin
.. How backwards that is
.. I don't love 'em though
'Less makin a little paper then I love 'em the most
If she's, sneakin in the club with the toast
I'm flyin the friendly skies with 36 hoes
Shit, I can get a chef to cook for me
Talk about some paper if you tryin to book me
Ma, you can keep your head
I got, expensive habits that need the bread
Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
Snoopy, ooh-wee, you so fly
Can I give you a little piece of the pie?
Shake it, bake this thing for me
Cause you just flow so viciously
"Let's go do the bump.. give me that funky stuff"
I like the way you shakin that ass, so don't stop
Slang that ass like I used to slang rocks
Bend over trick let me get to that spot
Later on you can lick on my lollipop
I like the way you shakin that ass, so don't quit
You know you get a hella response from my dick
Don't put your fuckin clothes back on 'til you rich
The type of woman I want tonight, a straight bitch!
Man, you got me goin crazy baby
Feel like I'm losin my mind
Feels like I'm losin control, and I don't even know
Girl you hurt me oh so bad cause I love you so, hey
But it don't matter now, I'm doin better now
Whatever you do, bitch, will come back to you, bitch
Heeeeeeey, hey; heeeeeeey, hey
Heeeeeeeeeeeey, hey; heeeeeeey, hey
I was in love at times
I was so hurt, she made me forget my rhymes
I was in love at times
I was so hurt, she made me forget my rhymes
Now who would ever think that I wanted a home
Three kids and a wife, never be alone
A dog in the front yard and that picket fence
Havin somethin on the side?  It didn't make sense
I'm a family man sportin a weddin band
I heard them niggas on your pager didn't give a damn
I gave you eighty percent of all my trust in you
The other twenty was cool, cause we gon' make it through
The homies said she got my mind blew in, blew in
I told that nigga like Chris Tucker,
"Don't worry about what the FUCK I be doin'"
We was makin chemistry, but who is he?
And how dis nigga know the deal about you and me?
I fell to my knees and asked the girl "Why?"
She looked at my eyes with no reply
So I cried, I was in love at times
I was so hurt, she made me forget my rhymes
I was in love at times
I was so hurt, she made me forget my rhymes
I was in love at times
I was so hurt, she made me forget my rhymes
I was in love at times
They say "Game Don't Wait" huh Warren G?
Well the game better wait for me
I'm spendin my time while I'm writin these rhymes
In the Hills for real, sippin wines, girl you'se a dime
Got me losin my mind
Well if lovin you is a crime
I'm down to do my time
Lock me up and throw away the key
I once told that "This was the way love was meant to be"
I see you with me forever
We can do things that you never, thought you coulda
Up out the hood-uh, is where I took you, never overlooked you
I can't believe that you shook to another spot
And left me cold, now I'm hot
I'm tryin to find you, what am I to do?
I gave you everything that you needed
Took it for granted, shit, I'm cool now
What goes around, comes around
I was in love at times
I was in love at times
I was in love at times
I was in love at times
You know what girl I mean..
I was in love with you and you did me like that
But you know what they say?
What goes around comes around
How could, how could, you do me wrong?
You be messin up my songs (my songs)
Now a nigga must move on (I gave you)
Gave love, and you just, straight played on me (on me)
Had a nigga sick for weeks (for weeks)
Now I must begin my streak (I was in love at times..)
Oooh Oooooh.
Close the door
I'mma goin in
And that for sure
Gonna lay ya out out out
And I know you luv a nigga breakin it down
Everytime I'm with her, I get her hooo, I get her hoo, luv drunk
Everytime she's with, she in me, luv drunk
You know who I am I'm the mothafockin dogg
The sheets fucked up and you know it was me
You hit a bedspreak all way down the street
It sounds like a song we fuckin' to the beat
I put ma rat-tat-tat in her boom boom pow
Then she put her tit-tit-tit all up in my mouth
I told you before I don't luv them ho's
But she got that good good can't let 'r go
And I gotta let 'r know
Everytime I'm with her, I get her hooo, I get her hoo, luv drunk
Everytime she's with, she in me, luv drunk
She make me say good luv that's what she's feelin' for..
And I got that fire luvin', the more you need the more
Oooh lemme say oooohooh aaahaaaah
Everytime she's with me, me I'm dizzy
Shoot to the spot cause the spot is the lick
Pull your lunchbreak lemme hit it real quick
Back to your job before they know what is
Luvin so good, we already made three kids
I dont know what it is but I luv what I did
Huggin and touchin' and all that shit
Drink to your drunk, see my luv is a fill
Yea this for you boo it's a gift
Everytime I'm with her, I get her hooo, I get her hoo, luv drunk
Everytime she's with, she in me, luv drunk
She make me say good luv that's what she's feelin' for..
And I got that fire luvin', the more you need the more
Oooh lemme say oooohooh aaahaaaah
Everytime she's with me, me I'm dizzy
There's a scripture in the Mac Bible that says
'He that trusts a ho, shall surely be broke'
'Pressure busts a pipe that make water run uphill'
Alotta you niggas talk that shit
But half you niggas ain't real
Will the real niggas stand up and be counted
Or lay down and be mounted
Cuz this game is not a playground, it's a classroom
It's not a holiday, but an educational process
And experience is your greatest teacher
So listen to the gangsta mack preacher
Macks do what they want, bustas do the best that they can
From half of a gangstas start, is a sucka's dream
In the game God said, that he would send a G
With the street ethnics and G-Code
With the gangsta Ten Commandments
And the gangsta Ten Commandments shall read:
'Thou shall kill a snitch'
'Thou shall check a bitch'
'Thou shall charge a ho'
'Thou shall send a sucker'
'Thou shall respect the G'
'Thou shall pack that steel'
'Thou shall keep it real'
'Thou shall flex his G's'
'Thou shall stack his green'
'Thou shall stay true to his game'
See I'm a gangsta, not a prankster
I don't pull rabbits out of my hat
But I will pull a strap from behind my back
Now how 'bout that!
Yeah, believe it
J-A-M-E-L with the Bigg D-O-double-G (Woof!)
D-A-Z, DPG family, ooh wee (ooh wee!)
Yeah yeah...
You say you wanna party wit us, well
C'mon baby lemme see you get up, and
Quit playin' and do what I'm sayin'
We got a whole lot of fools if you plan on stayin, WE'RE ALL THE SAME
No matta where you at, in the Bentley or, or in the ghetto
We keep the hot metal
Settle down, and pass it around
Cause we havin' a good time while I'm in your town
French eyes and with French fries and French thighs
It's D-O-double-G and I'ma do it to ya ten times
Flizzy, hizzigh, wizzie
Operation Cleopatra, comin' right at 'cha
J-A-M-E-L
I'm tryna holla at you homie pick up yo cell
DPG, hell yeah I got some suckers on my tail
Could you make 'em bail...
Ca fait plaisir!
We gonna party (pour voir les meufs!)
So get the party started (Eh vous habitez où?)
We gonna party {We gonna shake it up... do it to ya... uuh!}
We gonna party (yeeahh!)
So get the party strated (Mais c'est super!)
We gonna party {We gonna set the mood on the groove!}
You say you wanna party with us, well
C'mon baby lemme see you get up, and
And what's my motherfuckin' name? (JAMEL! Snoop Dogg ...)
Dogg Jamel c'est mon nouveau prénom
C'est comme ça qu'Snoop Dogg il a dit qu'j'm'appelle et il a raison
Eh les gars, (ooh wee ooh wee) moi c'est Dogg Jamel! (winny winny)
O.K "We all the same" ça veut dire on est les même SNOOP!
Ton copain là-bas qui fume d'la weed
(arab) de mon copain Hamed
Hamed, la weed, ti suite ti suite, la weed (PARTY!)
Ti suite tous les jours y'a des gens qui m'énervent
Snoop et moi on aimerait bien les voir avec un minerve
Mais pas la peine d'se vénère
Ce soir on va s'la faire.. (Check this out... CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (CHUUUCH!)
So get the party started (c'mon sing it... CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (sing it wit me c'mon... CHUUUCH!)
(Everybody c'mon, CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (Yeah sing it.. CHUUUCH! A little louder!)
So get the party started (CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (Yea yeah... nuttin' but a party y'all, party y'all....)
Trappes, LA, la même
Les mêmes p'tits traffics, les mêmes remises de peine (Yeah man!)
Ah ah... You know what I'm sayin'. Dogg Jamel! (Check this out)
Party party party (Dogg Jamel) {Yeah!}
(Dogg Jamel) {Ok!} (Dogg Jamel)
Party party party (Dogg Jamel, Dogg Jamel) {Alain Chabat!) (Dogg Jamel)
Party party party (Dogg Jamel) {Astérix!} (Dogg Jamel)
CHUUUCH! {On y va les gars! Tout le monde tout le monde!} (CHUUUCH! C'mon sing... CHUUUCH!)
(Sing it wit me c'mon... CHUUUCH!)
(Everybody c'mon CHUUUCH!)
We gonna party (Yeah, sing it CHUUUCH!)
So get the party started (CHUUUCH!... A lil' louder!)
We gonna party (CHUUUCH! Yea yeah. It'w what I'm talkin' about)
{In the break-a zone!}
We gonna party (Bigg Top Selecta) {yeah}
We gonna party (Bigg Snoopy D-O-double-Gizzle... CHUUUCH!)
(With my nephew Jamizzle) {Jamizzle!}
(Fo shizzle dizzle, it's off the hizzzle! fo rizneal!) {fo rizneal!}
(Can you fizzle?) {Can you fizzle?}
(Oh!) {Oh, il est pas content!}
(You don't hear what I'm talkin' about...
You can hear me don't you hear but ya fell me don'tchu don'tchu don'tchu?)
(Woogie woogie) {woogie woogie!}
(Boogie boggie!)
(Doggy Doggy!) {Doggy doggy!}
(I got that smokey smokey!) {smokey smokey}
(Don't you wanna smokey smokey?)
Ay ay Jaycee
Sup Aron?
Ain't that Snoop Dogg over there?
That that nigga with that blue coat on?
Yeah
Yeah oh yeah that's that nigga
Nigga roll up on the side of him man
Roll your window down
Man hand me my motherfuckin Glock man gimme another clip
Cuz I'm gonna smoke this fool
Yeah roll the windows down
Yeah, OK there you go
Ay man, you Snoop Dogg?
Snoop?
Huh?
Snoop Doggy Dogg?
Man he's Snoop Dogg
Man fuck that nigga!!
Nigga man!
Get that nigga man!
Man get up fool man, get up man, don't be tryin to run man
Get up on that fool man, I don't give a fuck
What set you got now?  Fuck you nigga!
Yeah nigga, whassup?
Nigga?
Yeah motherfucker
Yeah nigga, one less nigga
Yeah nigga, youse a dead motherfucker now
As I look up at the sky
My mind starts trippin, a tear drops my eye
My body temperature falls
I'm shakin and they breakin tryin to save the Dogg
Pumpin on my chest and I'm screamin
I stop breathin, damn I see deamons
Dear God, I wonder can ya save me
I can't die Boo-Boo's bout to have my baby
I think it's too late for prayin, hold up
A voice spoke to me and it slowly started sayin
"Bring your lifestyle to me I'll make it better"
How long will I live?
"Eternal life and forever"
And will I be, the G that I was?
"I'll make your life better than you can imagine or even dreamed of
So relax your soul, let me take control
Close your eyes my son"
My eyes are closed
Murder... murder was the case that they gave me
Murder... murder was the case that they gave me
I'm fresh up out my coma
I got my momma and my daddy and my homies in my corner
It's gonna take a miracle they say
For me to walk again and talk again but anyway
I get, fronted some keys, to get, back on my feet
And everything that nigga said, came to reality
Livin like a baller loc
Havin money, and blowin hella chronic smoke
I bought my momma a Benz, and bought my Boo-Boo a Jag
And now I'm rollin in a nine-trizzay El Do-Rad
"Just remember who changed your mind
Cuz when you start set-trippin, that ass mine"
Indeed, agreed proceed to smoke weed
Never have a want, never have a need
They say I'm greedy but I still want mo'
Cuz my eyes wanna journey some more, really doe (check it out)
Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the lord, my soul to keep
If I should die, before I wake
I pray the lord, my soul to take
No more indo, gin and juice
I'm on my way to Chino, rollin on the grey goose
Shackled from head to toe
25 with an izzl, with nowhere to gizzo, I know
them niggaz from the other side recognize my face
Cuz it's the O.G. D-O-double-G, L-B-C
Mad doggin niggaz cuz I don't care
Red jumpsuit with two braids in my hair
Niggaz stare as I enter the center
They send me to a leval 3 yard, that's where I stay
Late night I hear toothbrushes scrapin on the floor
Niggaz gettin they shanks, just in case the war, pops off
Cuz you can't tell what's next
My little homey Baby Boo took a pencil in his neck
And he probably won't make it, to see twenty-two
I put that on my momma, I'ma ride for you Baby Boo
This is Angela Sanders coming to you live
from the scene of yet another murder mystery
It seems that entertainer Snoop Doggy Dogg has been murdered
We have no information at this time
As I look up, at the sky
My mind starts trippin, a tear drops my eye
My body temperature falls
I'm shakin, and they breakin, tryin to save the Dogg
Pumpin on my chest and I'm screamin
I stop breathin, damn I see deamons
Dear God, I wonder can ya save me
I can't die my Boo-Boo's bout to have my baby
I think it's too late for prayin, hold up
A voice spoke to me and it slowly started sayin
"Bring your lifestyle to me I'll make it better"
And how long will I live?
"Eternal life and forever"
And will I be, the G that I was?
"I'll make your life better than you can imagine or even dreamed of
So relax your soul, let me take control
Close your eyes my son"
My eyes are closed
Murder... "murder was the case that they gave me"
I'm fresh up out my coma
I got my momma and my daddy and my homies in my corner
It's gonna take a miracle they say
For me to walk again and talk again but anyway
I get, fronted some keys, to get, back on my feet
And everything that nigga said, came to reality
Livin like a baller loc
I'm havin money, and blowin hella chronic smoke
I bought my momma a Benz, my Boo-Boo a Jag
And now I'm rollin in a nine-trizzay El Do-Rad
"Just remember who changed your mind
Cuz when you start set-trippin, that ass is mine"
Indeed, agreed proceed to smoke weed
Never have a want, never have a need
They say I'm greedy but I still want mo'
Cause my eyes wanna journey some more, really doe (check it out)
Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the lord, my soul to keep
If I should die, before I wake
I pray the lord, my soul to take
Murder was the case that they gave me
"Murder was the case that they gave me"
No more indo, gin and juice
I'm on my way to Chino, rollin on the grey goose
Shackled from head to toe
Twenty-five with a izz-L, with nowhere to gizzo, I know
them niggaz from the other side recognize my face
Cause it's the O.G. D-O-double-G, L-B-C
Mad doggin niggaz cuz I don't care
Red jumpsuit with two braids in my hair
Niggaz stare as I enter the center
They send me to a level three yard, that's where I stay
Late night I hear toothbrushes scrapin on the floor
Niggaz gettin they shanks, just in case the war, pops off
Cause you can't tell what's next
My little homey Baby Boo he took a pencil in his neck
And he probably won't make it, to see twenty-two
I put that on my momma, I'ma ride for you Baby Boo
Murder... "murder was the case that they gave me"
Switch!
This is my muh fucking house, hey I'm by the front door
Here about a blond haired bitch named Sisco
She'll do anything for daddy man the bitch go
Tell 'em what the doormat read baby {Big blow}
Uh, Pyrex and a digi scale
Fuck gloves I got gay all in my fingernails
And I can leave a set of white fingerprints
Chris Tucker, Larenz Tate, Dead Presidents
Dead white boys spread across the coffee table
I don't know maybe I'll start me up a record label
Fuck it get high and call what's her name
She like to play this little game called fuck a brain
Lord when you talk them numbers sound sophisticated
It ain't nothing even the pit-bull's affiliated
Yeah, the trespasser's gettin' bust on
G shit even the coupe's got Chucks on
Yeah,
This is my mother fuckin' house nigga
This is where I do it at
You got a problem with that
Yeah big dog nigga
If you ain't a big dog stay on the porch nigga
Dog house or nothing
Dog house everything nigga
I gotta whole house trap house and a flat
I'm on parole bitch so I need my pistol back
These rap niggas is too soft
I built this from the ground, the pound up
Until I knock your roof off
New boss Snoop off and on and
Heed him in the morning catch him while he yawning
My bitch is on the phone and my homies 'bout to zone in
Cracky smacky dippy whippy habitual potential
Strip for your credentials
Mental unessential, shit's official like a referee with a whistle
Nah my nigga shit's official, like a Jihad, Muslim with a missile
Catch me in the air we close to the nickel block
Nigga went platinum but I still serve that nickel rock
Hard times bad times fuck doing jail time
Cook it up rock it up bag it up and sell mines
This my mother fuckin' house
Take your mother fuckin' shoes off when you step in my house partner
Matter of fact take your hat off too
Nigga this the round table nigga
If you can't stand the heat get your punk ass up out the kitchen
I'm in the mother fuckin' room
This is my house in the middle of the trap
Open this door I'm sweating like I ran a fucking lap
Customers on hold stressing they keep coming back
3 6 5 2 4 7 I got Jumbo Jacks
Would you like your cheese with that
Yeah I like my cheese with that
Crack in the pot, round the clock
Open all night hitchin' blocks
Serving that doop stuck in my loop
Pitching that tragic all in the traffic
Me and my group, me and my cabinet
Fillin' the coop, pick it and bag it
I got the key to this spot break in, you gonna get popped
Fuck around and get molly whopped in here,
Better not attract no cops
I got another round chopped up in here,
Who want what I got in stock?
Not from Atlanta but I got heart
Chickens birdies quails, baking soda scales
Heavy weights exhale, 5 star hotels
I'm a grinder about my grit
Trying to increase my profit quick
50 thou under the couch
This is my mother fucking house
This is my mother fucking this is my mother fucking
This is my mother fucking this is my fucking house
This is my mother fucking this is my mother fucking
This is my mother fucking this is my fucking house
This is my mother fucking this is my mother fucking
This is my mother fucking this is my fucking house
This is my mother fucking this is my mother fucking
This is my mother fucking this is my fucking house
Another day another dolla for the top dogg with the gold flea colla
Nigga make the whole dogg world wanna holla
The way they do my life and I'm steady tryin' to do more right
so trife your life could disappear
and if you aint careful who you fuckin' wit nigga
Now reappear come here come near so you can hear what I spit
So sick and tired of niggaz standin on that "G" shit
and just because you on  starz wit some khakis
and think your rap style can out rap me and now jack me
come here nigga slap yo self
thats probably why yo shit still sittin' on the motherfuckin shelf
and mine sold out ever since it came out
blue carpet roll out, #1 no doubt, mo' clout, down south, mixin' it up
with dem niggaz that don't never hesitate to bust
what you niggaz tappin' on my front door for?
Hmm oh you lookin' for yo hoe? (you heard)
We in the hotel room doin' the zoom
and let me let you know nigga my heat goes boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
I'm back on the scene, chopping green
captain on the team, call me commissioner nigga
so just listen up look like you bored and our boy's bridges
he hangin' wit dem niggaz but dem niggaz straight bitches
left a nigga hangin' at the club when it was scrap time
then a week later gave him a shot on in a rap line
now they in a New York rap time
rapper turned snitch now you livin' on a main line
money's too tight to mention but let me mention
when dem niggaz in da kitchen find out he's snitchin'
they gon' get him and when his homies find out he's snitchin
9 times out of 10 dat nigga gon be bitchin
(you know what) you know what transformin' is switchin'
and oh yeah informin is snitchin
but I aint one to tell you aint heard from me
I'm just an MC tryin to stay super free
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
Look here fool I know this game in and out
and quit tryin to tell me bout dem niggaz down south
don't try slide wit that west side love shit
that dove shit eat a dick bitch
I can can read you from the giddy
I read you I took you to my home and I fed you
and led you upstairs upstairs to a room with 37 niggaz
that was strapped up hatin' waitin' on you nigga you the victim
we don't don't pick 'em we just stick 'em and when once we get 'em we got 'em
we try to rid the streets of creeps and freaks
like you for all y'all snitches and bitches
we gonna do the world a big favor
cuz niggaz like y'all be fuckin' up the gangsta flavor
and oh yeah it aint no west coast thang
cuz niggaz out of town got birds that sing
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
and my heat goes boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
breakdown
breakdown
Top Dogg
No Limit
yeah
LBC
(One, two...)
Yeah, I like to dedicate this record right here to my main man
Johnny Cash, a real American gangster
I got my nephew Whitey Ford on the guitar
Young Trev' on the drums
Grand Ole Opry, here we come, uhh
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick
Jacked up the spoon on the candlestick
Dopestick pimpin on the one-trick pony
Yeah she kinda skinny but she gets my money
Get my money, buy my medicine
Buy my medicine, buy my medicine
Get my money, buy my medicine
Buy my medicine, buy my medicine
Yeah, you know I got to have that medicine
That prescription medicine baby
Y'know, purple, orange, green
Jack starts hangin 'round with some fiends
Got strung out, sold the cow for beans
Told young wifey, "I love ya honey
But you gotta hit the streets, go and get my money"
Get my money, buy my medicine
Buy my medicine, buy my medicine
Get my money, buy my medicine
Buy my medicine, buy my medicine
Yeah, the mo' dedicated the mo' medicated
Can you feel me?
Girl my love's gonna last, just as long as my high
(And I'm high all day, every day)
You can trust every word I'm gonna say will be a lie
Haha, yeah I lie sometimes
What's the use of the truth if you can't get a lie sometimes baby?
Now dig this
Jack starts a track up and down the hill
Got to walkin thinkin ace what he told to Jill
Come rain, come shine, come snow or if it's sunny
Get the fuck out, come and get my money
Get my money, buy my medicine
Buy my medicine, buy my medicine
Get my money, buy my medicine
Buy my medicine, buy my medicine
Yeah
They say you can't buy me love, but you damn sure can buy me bud
Girl my love's gonna last, just as long as my high
(Oh I'm so high right now, how 'bout you?)
You can trust every word I'm gonna tell you is a lie
(Liar liar, haha, pants on fire)
Girl I love you (I love you though)
Yeahhhh!
Bank accounts big cars
Living good like a movie star
My mama house ain't in the hood no more
I moved her out to San Luis Obispo
But it's a trip though cause I'm a 20 Crip though
I gotta lay low my homies wanna do low
I got two strikes and I'm a get my third
These niggas snitching on me they think I'm selling birds
So when I'm in the streets I'm quick on my feet
See talk is cheap so I stay quick on my heat
You niggas bad well Dogg is badder
Rat-a-tatter make you niggas scatter
I went shotta your boy want me now
Went to the station that nigga straight point me out
So I'm a lay away and spray away and spray away
Cause at this time I think it's best I just stay away
They say I am a fool cause I like to do my thing my own way
I gotta couple strikes against me one more and I'm on my way
I ain't got time to hang around the hood like I used to do I gotta get my bread
Keep my head it's either go to jail or get this money instead
Separate elevate
Concentrate dominate and innovate
Try to be fly as me
And every other homie tell them lie to me
I need a deal I need some stones
I need some beats Dogg I need a loan
Help me out throw me some cash
If I got you got it and you ain't got to ask
But on the real or is it lately
A lot of homies they tried to implicate me
They say I am changed is it the fame
If I throw it to you then charge it to the game
Money fold overload
In the hood another episode
Man I'm getting old the game cold
Yeah I'm from the Dub but that ain't how I roll
They say I am a fool cause I like to do my thing my own way
I gotta couple strikes against me one more and I'm on my way
I ain't got time to hang around the hood like I used to do I gotta get my bread
Keep my head it's either go to jail or get this money instead
1992, "Deep Cover" hit the world and fell in love with Snoop
"Doggystyle" came out, it's like I dropped a bomb
One of the greatest hip-hop records of all time
I was young gettin' money, livin' wild and free
Got on and I brought the whole Pound with me
Didn't matter who's around, I kept it way too G
Niggaz knew it was Eastside L.B.C.
Gangsta shit, that's what a motherfuckin' gangsta get
The one up above didn't like my pace
I was movin' too fast and I caught that case
I fought that case, wonder where the West would be if I'da lost that case
I slow mine down, swimmin' with the sharks and I almost drowned
I done made some mistakes along the way
To become the G I am today
Who had ever thought I'd make this far?
Out the hood to be a big star
And I ain't goin' nowhere
Homie I ain't never comin' down
I'm too high in the clouds
To ever have to worry 'bout that
I'm finally out
And the critics hated on me 'cause I went to the South
Said I wasn't gon' shine, had me left for dead
Switched sides, now my old boss want me dead
Dropped the first of the three and you said it was weak
"No Limit Top Dogg", the return of the beast
So from that point on I know what to do
Don't worry 'bout them just do what you do
"Last Meal" was the one that took me off the leash
That's the last time a nigga gon' eat off of me
Stack plaque after plaque, gain millions sold
I'm the Bo$$ of this bitch and I ain't never went Gold, nigga
I done made some mistakes along the way
To become the G I am today
Who had ever thought I'd make this far?
Out the hood to be a big star
And I ain't goin' nowhere
Homie I ain't never comin' down
I'm too high in the clouds
To ever have to worry 'bout that
Bo$$ of the City, Bo$$ of the Coast
Some other niggaz tried but none of 'em come close
They stuck lookin' silly, but nothin' like a loc
The Bigg Bow Wow, I kill it with one stroke
(Wow!) That's what it's about
They tryin' to tell a nigga what could come out his mouth
Motherfucker I'm a G, but first I'm a man
Freedom of Speech, bitch is a word you can't ban
So they blamin' me, sayin' this my talk
to some women as hoes, like it's my fault
Damn they lost, man they just don't know
That a bitch is a bitch, and a hoe is a hoe
Let them heaters cock and let them leaders talk
I'm gon' be smokin' dank, livin' like a boss
Let them heaters cock and let them leaders talk
I'ma be smokin' my dank, livin' like a boss, nigga
I done made some mistakes along the way
To become the G I am today
Who had ever thought I'd make this far?
Out the hood to be a big star
And I ain't goin' nowhere
Homie I ain't never comin' down
I'm too high in the clouds
To ever have to worry 'bout that
We're having a good day
Let's make it a great night
You know I see you
And .. so tight
My special lady
You're one of a kind
And every time I see you shine
It's like the lights of midnight
On New Year's Eve
And I do believe
On New Year's Eve
We can make it
We can live forever
11:59 and not a second later
She's stayin' in the mix like a crossfader
It's about to go down
No elevator
Live for the moment
Love in the air
She got me feeling like
I don't wanna be your player
Real talk
So I don't wanna be unfair
Now watch the apple drop
And celebrate the year
I see you shinin' away
From over there
And all the other girls
No, they don't compare
I whisper something bond to you
.. in your ear
I infiltrate your mind
And then I penetrate her
I get it crackin' baby
Call me the .. lady
We're having a good day
Let's make it a great night
You know I see you
And .. so tight
My special lady
You're one of a kind
And every time I see you shine
It's like the lights of midnight
On New Year's Eve
And I do believe
On New Year's Eve
We can make it
We can live forever
Grab a glass
Make a toast to the good life
Recorded line, so what?
It will pass the time
Leather seats in the back of a Phantom ride
You stay on my mind so I had to make you mine
Master .. for a master mind
My special lady
Only one of a kind
I never seen it comin'
I guess love is blind
New Year … come to life
I must say girl
You're looking right
Your hair, nails, dress
Fitting tight
I think I just might
Says here's the one I like
See we can look forever girl
Let's be .. tonight
We're having a good day
Let's make it a great night
You know I see you
And .. so tight
My special lady
You're one of a kind
And every time I see you shine
It's like the lights of midnight
On New Year's Eve
And I do believe
On New Year's Eve
We can make it
We can live forever
Money makes a man and that's a crime
If we all were rich we'd spend more time
With our daughters and sons, they're loosing their minds
We all feel hurt here's mine, here me now
Cause, no guns are allowed in here tonight
We're gonna have a free for all, no fights
I wanna get lost in the crowd in here tonight
I need to hear my thoughts turn the music up loud
Let the music play, me don't want no more gun-play
When the bodies hit the ground, there's nothing let to say ay ay
Me don't want to see no more innocent blood shed
Me don't want to see no more youth dead
Come hear me now
Yeah, yeah, yeah, news from back home
This is when it hurts to be gone
Two more young names to be carved out of stone
one summer day that went horribly wrong
Got my dawg on the phone
Crying and saying to leave him alone
But I'm not leaving his side
I know that somebody died, somebody's child
Some people ducked down and some people hide
Some people just cannot react in time
Bullets do not choose a victim
It is the shooter that picks them
They just cant wait to get you in the system
The district attorney could use a conviction
Told you no guns and then you didn't listen
Life is so heavy with that on your soul
Dedicate this to Shayne and Josh
and pour something out for the lives that they stole
416
Money makes a man and that's a crime
I wanna get lost in the crowd in here tonight
Oh.......Chassa-dee
{They say Tray Deee is a ragy baby - he's way too crazy}
From the LBC
Chassa-dee
{They say Tray Deee is a ragy baby - he's way too crazy}
La da da da da da da
{They say Tray Deee is a ragy baby - he's way too crazy}
From the LB....LB
{They say Tray Deee is a ragy baby - he's way too crazy}
What up cuz? You know aint nothin different on mines
When I hit up motherfuckers with that look in my eyes
It's a statement that I'm makin and aint takin no backtalk
I'm blowin niggaz hats off as soon as my gat cough
The last thought you rappin niggaz should think
Is you can never get a scratch with Tray Deee on the beat
On the streets over beef you dont compete with uno - you know
The general a criminal do low
Admit cuz I'm wit it then I spit it and lit it
Niggaz timid in my vision I cause tension and thinkin
By my presence I'm a answer to society's hate
A true rider with the mind - I pushed him outta his way
Fools petty and they ready steady comin with bullshit
A full clip with jewell will hit like a mule kick
A sure hit is all I'm aiming for when I blast
Motherfuckers hit the deck once I go in the dash
Now is the time
This is the place
To bang back the khakis with the church fat lace
West is the coast, east is the side
Long Beach is the city where them gangstas ride
Money brings power, power brings respect
Disrespect the set I gotsta grab the tech
This is how it goes and thats how it's done
Eastside 2-1 in the land of the fun
Niggaz how ya figure that the game gon' wait
I came home straight from the pen to take your place
Aint no chase this paper comin soon as I post up
And watch the victom's clock and catch him choppin his dough up
Fuck the his host up stripped, gagged and roped up
Take the whole cut and he be sure negotiative
I'm ruthless I shoot crips and bloods alike
Thug for life - come and catch the slug tonight
Insane mental frame feel no shame or pitty
Since the game is shitty I gotsta bang the city
Trippin gangstas so I brang the terroristical heat
Grab strap jacket mack to reach the tinted to peep
This is the beach now any nigga got a rebuttal
Kobe eatin what he speakin once he cant get the muzzle
Struggle hard for my title and intend to hold it
You want it? Then all invitations open
I take seven old B's put 'em in the street
Then thats seven more busta's who claim they got heat
And then it takes seven more C's before I start to reach
Then thats 2-1 for the set now lets stretch out in the streets
Tray Deee never do it easy fool so dont expect it
Niggas get checked and they sets disrespected
No question I'm all you ever thought that you was
Till you ran across the boss and now you coughin up blood
Shoot first fools curse before they kick up dust
Clip gon' bust then they gonna have to pick loc up
All they talkin cause I'm chalkin whole districts off
Since this loss a purple nigga's piss me off
Conflict with my clique get your bitch ass touched
All my comrads bomb back it's as sick as fuck
2-1 till I'm done never run from the turf
Check the badge boy we mash on run get it even worse
{They say Tray Deee is a ragy baby - he's way too crazy}
{They say Tray Deee is a ragy baby - he's way too crazy}
{They say Tray Deee is a ragy baby - he's way too crazy}
{They say Tray Deee is a ragy baby - he's way too crazy}
Have a little party at my crib
And all the weed is rolled that's how it is
When you fucking with some OG niggas blowing OG smoke
Don't even gotta ask, you already know, we 'bout to go
Young nigga that's more famous than these older niggas
Young nigga got my game up from these older niggas
Motherfuckas hear my name, I say I told you nigga
I was taught to count my paper 'fore I fold it nigga
Now look at my chains, all them things frozen nigga
Rolling up my Mary Jane before I smoke it with ya
Hit this J, I bet this be a day you don't remember
Looking at the top and I don't see not one contender
Cooking out the pot, I like my weed for lunch and dinner
Got some cookies in the jar, OG in the blender
You paying for quantity, but quality is what you spend for
If there's a marijuana-ology, I'll be your mentor
And all about this chronic leaf is what in for
So give your parents my apology for me again or
Get high like we Cheech and Chong
We gon' eat some brownies, we gon' smoke, we gon' need some bongs
Roll up so we can all...
Killer Cali is what we blow
OG nigga from way down low
Known for banging the blue C rag
Started off smoking nothing but Zags
Popping P's, chopping trees
501's, all of these
All y'all invited, ignite it, light it, now follow me
Laid out, plush couch, flat screen television
Table full of vegetation so you just might stun a nigga
That's what it is, that's what it's gon' be
East Side Long Beach where I'm from
Bring your girls, all y'all come
Give me some, now give her some
It's big Mac, I love to have fun
You are, you are the one
If you get it or do it, then it'll be just like 2 on 1
Break it down, lay it down
Baby work that body like
At the pad, acting bad
Baby what that party like?
Moving so schizophrenic
Baby pull down your panties
Let the Doggy Dog ram it
I cram to undertsand it
Back room that's my bedroom
Make her right up in it
Close the door, slow
I'm 'bout to slide up in it
Smoke something
Having money and blowing hella chronic
Smoke I'm stunting
Cutlass on them chrome spokes with the engine running
Sounding like a dinosaur if the stomach rumbling
Your bitch at the window cause she know I'm coming
She tell you that she 'bout to go jogging and on the corner
She jump in, take her to the honeycomb
Stuffing kush , playing Megaman 3
Your Wonderwoman giving dome out Miami
Said she never leave me 'lone, She wan' have a family
She just high, tomorrow night, she'll be titties out, dancing
Trying to leave with the next nigga in a Aston
So why get caught up
I'm too swift up on my toes to have my name brought up
In sewing circles with them hoes
I rather be a straight G rolling up a whole
O-Z of that OG have them KO'ed
It's 50 Cent & S-N-double O-P
You don't want no snoop & you don't want it wit me
Everytime I come around they like "Oh No"
I get to trippin; slap the clip up in my 44
Shit I been thru in my hood made my heart cold
I get to poppin off that thang like I'm loco
No sense in coppin pleas when you see my knife out (knife out)
Motherfuckers light out (lights out)
Here comes Snoop, uh (oh shit) (Oh No)
Sup Nigga, sup now, huh? (Oh No)
Ricky Ticky Timble, C's is the symbol
Courdoroy khakis, stacies & brimmed up
Straight razors just to keep you trimmed up
1-8-7, oh yeah, now you remember
He's electrifyin & original
So gangster, Snoop Dogg the criminal
The one you hate to love, in the club, in the cut
Hugged up wit yo bitch, nigga I don't give a shit
You betta check dat ho, that's what wreckin G
Now step your game down, cause ain't no checkin me
You'll be respectin me until you leave this room
Or my gat'll go boom, bullets go zoom
Now your names on a tomb
They pourin out liqour wit no room to consume, you silly bafoon
I pop niggas like balloons, I ain't feelin em
Walkin in my big blue chucks cause I'm killin em
Hey whaddup cuz, it's 50 cent;
What's happnin nigga?
Ever since the moment I was born I been dyin (Yea)
Hundred miles an hour pulse flyin wit my eye... an
He who fears fate lives like a coward
You go against me, you'll be devoured
Then you get to poppin you'll have a change of heart
I hit your chest a couple times you'll have to change your heart
Have doc usin donors, dead niggas with spare parts
You come back wit lungs of a snitch, an the heart of a dead nark
Niggas never see the light till it spark
Then they bleed, it get cold, then shit get dark
You can call me the beast from the east, I run these streets
You can eat hollow tip shells or you can work for me
These rap niggas crazy, my mercy has limits
Push Me - a hundred revolvers'll get to spinnin
Your services are no longer needed; Rock-a-bye baby
My bitch'll do it to you with a lil 380 (Yea)
I'm bailin thru the door again
Let the Momo pour again
Me & my ho again
Yea she got the four up in this motherfucker
And Imma bust it if you try to rush us or touch us or sucka duck us
It'll crack off, Now back off - real slow
An if you don't know, I never hesitate to shoot a ho
Yea that's my reputation - you test my patience &
You & your fam - bam - gon hear the blam, blam
Goddammit I'm at it again
They done let that bitch nigga up outta the pen
And now he lookin for me - what the heck - my game is built on respect
Now I'm breathin down your mortherfuckin neck
I dumps till my clips is empty
I'm headin down Willshire to San Vicente
And when I get there don't ask who sent me
Just take dem shots an drop it like it's hot
Bitch Nigga
Ha-ha-ha
Yea Nigga
Just when you thought I was gone
Slide back up on you like the wind nigga
Hurricane D-O-Double G
With the G,G,G,G,G, G-unit
Yeah man, this shit here gonna be bigger than the O.J. case
What?
His dick
Another blast from the Long Beach section
Break gangsta shit (Wake up)
I thought these fools knew
Out on the scout I'm about my papers
cos ain't nobody doin Deee no favors
I'm tryin ta get major with minor risk
Maximisin the minimum of time is spent
on the heist, nice and easy believe me
I take mine and make mine extra cheesy
Keepin niggas in a headlock
Undress em, press em down in a full nelson
I hit jacks off six packs of the crooked one
They slip and I'm bookin em
Fuck fingerprints, gimme from their fingertips
Chips to the neckline cos I got a Tek9
Check mine like a pimp-main ho
So hope you only see me when my grip ain't low
I go up in ya like a skeleton
So S-N-double O-Please let em know the crew I'm bailin with
East-side LBC
is what I claim but my game is DPG
And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip
and in my world a girl is considered a biiiiiitch
Is money all that makes you move?
You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove
somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know
If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!
It was a wake up, wake up, wake up.....
Just to wake up, wake up, wake up.......
Wake up, wake up wake up.......
Get up, get up, get up......
I break fools off like lepresy
If they dare, you stare when they next to me
I'ma threat to whoever sweat my style
Hard gangsta aim to represent til death
Reality, you battle me you be in the dirt quick
I'm clever with whatever type of weapon I work with
The bare hand man sleeper
I even banked up and shank motherfuckers in the penta?
I sanked a gang of tough fools in my time
so try me you're liable to lose on my line
The 44'll be what cracks ya head
cos that's exactly what I'm bout ta cap you with
I figured niggas gettin soft like jellatine
So Doggy Dogg tell em all who we're sailin wit
East-side LBC
is what I claim but my game is DPG
And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip
and in my world a girl is considered a biiiiiitch
Is money all that makes you move?
You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove
somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know
If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!
It was a wake up, wake up, wake up.....
Just to wake up, wake up, wake up.......
I had to wake up, wake up wake up.......
Get up, get up, get up......
Uh, gonna work that motherfucker and do the percolatin
cos Snoop Dogg came back with the head raider
Al Davis's? Nah nigga Tracy Davis
The Eastside Long Beach greatest
Criminal with style and boy you love that
Sit back relax and let me drop another rap
but this one's for the sisters and not the hoes
The ones who be groovin it on the step shows
Let a nigga in, I ain't diss ya friend
and like The Staples I make sure we do it again
But don't blow a nigga up or show a nigga up
and don't think a nigga sprung cos you know a nigga fuck
Love is a house and you got the key
so give it to a nigga like a D-O-double G
I'm from the...
East-side LBC
is what I claim but my game is DPG
And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip
and in my world a girl is considered a biiiiiitch
Is money all that makes you move?
You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove
somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know
If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!
It was a wake up, wake up, wake up.....
Just to wake up, wake up, wake up.......
I had to get up, get up, get up......
It was a wake up, wake up, wake up....
(Make It Good) You got one chance to crack
One shot to pop, better hit the spot
Cause there's a hundred other brothas that's waitin' in line
Player it's your time to (Make It Good)
Now you've been waitin', patient
Dinner datin', classic chasin'
Your homies hatin', 'cause you're never around
You're either at the movies or you're out shoppin' around
All that for the cat, it's a wrap
You gotta go hard if you get a chance to hit that
If you hit it then you gotta hit it harder
than any other brotha, the Karma Sutra be the author
Be her father, be a man, be the man
that made her never wanna see another man
Make it better than good, make it great
Make her visit, then make her stay
(Make It Good) You got one chance to crack
One shot to pop, better hit the spot
Cause there's a hundred other brothas that's waitin' in line
Player it's your time to (Make It Good)
Yeah man, if you got a real one
You better hold on to her
See 'cause a real man will come along the way
And smooth knock her...
If you like her, wife her
If you love her, smother her
With that stuff that'll make her feel the same way
And pull that ring out on the same day
A couple heirs with the horse and the carriage
You gon' lose if you scared of marriage
A real boss got a foundation
You need somebody in your life with patience
minus the hate... Shante what more can I say?
But baby look at us today
Your husband's a boss, the kids is cute
King of the Coast with a gang of loot
(Make It Good) You got one chance to crack
One shot to pop, better hit the spot
Cause there's a hundred other brothas that's waitin' in line
Player it's your time to (Make It Good)
I'ma make it good for you, make it hood for you
Make it do what he couldn't do for you
Tha Doggfather supreme, jump in the shower
I appear through the steam
Braids and all, over six foot tall
Can't no other brotha fade the Dogg
I'm all ya need, I'm who ya want
I'm here to coach ya through your do's and don'ts and he won't
I got the remedy, the energy
It's your mama, your daddy, and then it's me
Bad talk a boss, I wish a player would
Close your eyes baby girl, let me (Make It Good)
"He's a sweet, soul, brother!"
Money, money, money, money!
Money, money, money, money!
"You make me feel so goooood!"
Money, money, money, money!
Money, money, money, money!
Money, money, money, money!
Money, money, money, money!
In the world of change, here I am
Tryin to have some thangs
So what you need is some game, to get your money man
Ohh baby, in the world of paper, paper
Thinkin of a master plan
Cause ain't nuttin but sweat inside my hand
So I dig into my pockets, all my money is spent
So I dig deeper, but still comin up with lint
So I, start my mission, leave my residence
Thinkin how can I get some dead presidents
I need money, I used to see a stick-up kid
So I think of all the devious things I did
I used to roll up, this is a hold up, ain't nuttin funny
Stop smilin, cause still don't nuttin move but the money
Cause now I've learned to earn cause I'm righteous
I feel great, so maybe I might just
Search fo' a 9 to 5, if I strive
Then maybe I'll stay alive
So I walk up the street, whistlin this
Feelin out of place cause man do I miss
A pen and a paper, a stereo, a tape of
Me and Warren G, and a big fat plate of
Chicken wings, cause that's my favorite thang
But without no money man that shit's a dream
Cause I don't like to dream about gettin paid
So I dig into the books of the rhymes that I've made
Soon as I bust 'em see if I got pull
I hit the DoggHouse, cause I'm paid in full
Money, money, money, money!
Money, money, money, money!
Money, money, money!
W-w-w-w-w-well
W-w-w-w-w-welllll
Ohhhh baby
W-w-w-w-w-well
W-w-w-w-wellll, ohh baby
Ohhhh baby
Stacey Boots, perms and suits, I'm braided up, can fade it up
I skated up, you waited up, so you know I got to go ahead and tear shit up
Turn lose on these muthafuckers Jelly Roll
Nephew, boy this shit is out of control
Rockin, rollin, bangin b
A little something, something nigga, thats banged up streets
Freak, freak yall, into the beat ya'll
And to all my big doggs grab your meat cha'll
And yes, yes ya'll, oh we the best ya'll
We got the shit that make the bitches grab they breast ya'll
It don't stop till the wheels fall off
954 headed swervin in the goodin clinic, tryin keep it hot right
Fuckers spot light, my nigga Jelly Roll make it knock light
We all shinin' stars
Ya'll know who you are
And dip low lows with me
You party with a D.P.G.
We ridin, dippin, slippin, slidin, eastside up eastsiders
Riders, ballers, rollers, ladies,
players, gangstas, macks, pimps, and 'llacs
Hustlers, bitches, niggas and G's, we having big thangs blowing trees
Shinin, grinin, refuse to lose
I gotta a G in my pocket for dippin out of shoes
I head the corner in the Navigator
Committed to excellence like a Raider
You hate a nigga like me but you got to love me
Your lady wanna shove me and your kids wanna hug me
A nigga fuckin like Buggsy Seagal again, I'm in the ringle again
I do it all legal again, I can't lose you won't win, respect the boss
If you run up, you gettin done up, I love to floss
Why you acting bad, probably cause I'm know as the bad actor
In the rap game I'm the big factor, macker, smack a bitch in a second
The big dogg nigga very well respected
You gotta put your mash down when you wanna get to the top
The game is stuffy like Puffy don't stop
I thought I told ya, nigga I'm a soldier
No Limit Lieutenant, yeah I did it
I'm committed like a motherfucker supposed to be
Won't let no bitch niggaz close to me
From my head to my feet I'm protected from harm
Cause I'm a muthafucking shining star, you feel me
And fuck who wanna kill me
you niggaz thrill me, but guess what will be
On top tip top, non stop, dogg not
And you gotta let me end, the nigga I'm a shine like a G
Pass it, pass it - get it girl
Pass it, pass it - get it girl
Please don't be greedy! nooo!
Pass it, pass it - get it girl
Breathe it in! Now let go!
(La la la la la la la la la)
Breathe it in! Now let go!
(La la la la la la la la la)
Roll up a fat one and pass it around
Lay back hypnotized by The Neptunes sound
My peoples always see me and they think I'm on point
So they roll me a blunt, or either pass me a joint
I'm the modern day Rick James, yeah that's me
Anything less than the best is blasphemy
So ask for me - when you wanna get spliffted
I'm not Keith Murray but I'll Get Ya Lifted
Terrific, cause this is just the linguistics
This shit's cannibalistic, so I mixed it and twisted
With the berries and cherries, the high berries
The aura is horror, man this shit is so scary!
I took another hit and then my vision got blurry
I had to pass this shit in a motherfucking hurry
I'm looking at this chick, real thick, her name is Cheri
Big fat booty and her pootie was hairy, c'mon biatch!
Nick nack patty wack, give a Dogg a bone
Naw don't gimme nothing but a handful of stones
Don't stop! I ain't finised yet
You say you got the bomb? You wanna make a bet? it's on!
I blew about three zones then took baby home
Nigga what?! Motherfucker I'm grown
I have it how I want it, did it done it and stunted
Fronted a hundred to my nigga cause he want to get blunted
Ain't nothing to it, but to do it so I did it cause I'm wit it
This is the Face Off, the one hitter quitter
It'll lay you on your back fast, sweat start to trickle
Everything is moving like you on a tricycle
You caught up in the pickle but I get you out
I blow you a charge through your nose, not your mouth
Slow down! hoe damn! you're doing too much
You're supposed to take two puffs then give the shit up, c'mon!
Yeah this is classic, fantastic, I'm blasted
I've been growing and blowing, niggaz wonder how I lasted
Well, like Jesus I fasted, for 40 days and 40 nights
I got it all mastered
Now I need a hit of that, Neptune-ology
Gangsta philosophy, yep yep I gotta be
Real high, whenever writing my novelty
Because it adds to my celebrity
So I celebrated, teledated, innovated, dominated
Orchestrated, situated, petuated, reinstated
Then I created, you're happy that I made it
Take another hit, young nigga get faded
We're going all out, smoke till ya fall out
D-O double G House all in ya mouth
The West got the best, the East got the peace
I'm out and about with a blunt in my mouth, peace!
The stock market has always been 100% when it comes to pussy
The worlds oldest profession
Yah it's still alive
No matter what the consequences
A trick 'gun still buy it
No matter how sick they make it
A hard stick gunna still wanna play it
Marching up, every day and every night
To the drummers beat
Titled the oldest profession, and it never fell back
Not even in the recession
No Christmas toys for the kids
Yah daddy fucked it up
He said he was drunk playing poker with the boys
Yah niggas pay for pussy
Remember that Easter Sunday
It was so damn sunny
We didn't get no Easter clothes, candy, or Easter bunny
Yah, daddy fucked it up
Rollin' dice with the boys
Yah niggas pay for pussy
Whether it's at the tity bar
Or outta the car
Yah niggas pay for pussy
OHH yah, Some niggas pay for pussy, oh yah
Some niggas pay for pussy, oh yah
Some niggas pay for pussy, oh yah
Dem niggas pay for pussy, oh yah
Niggas pay for pussy, oh yah
If I do if I don't if I will id I won't
I mix the C with the P and live the G with the funk
Got you rapping at school my nigga acting a fool
He got suspended now he all alone in his room
Playing my CD la da dee da dee
East Side shit Goldilocc and big Trey D
On the  the young homie wanna be me
So I'm a let him I hope the homeboys don't get him
Cause they gonna sweat him
Gotta stay on deck for that
If you a buster you gonna get checked for that
It's so real homie don't pop that pill
Dip that now tell me how does that feel
Can't stop gotta go hard in the paint
Can't fake nigga put paint where it ain't
Monkey see monkey do what I say I do
If I take one you take two
I just wanna let you ride
Peer pressure
Get you high
Peer pressure
Smoke trees til I die
Peer pressure
I just wanna let you ride
Peer pressure
Get you high
Peer pressure
Smoke trees til I die
Peer pressure
S N double O P
Baby girl wanna be grown
She got a Facebook page and a cell phone
Her daddy getting money her momma on the go
She moving too fast but she really don't know
Life is a trip lil mama don't drink that
They telling you it's cool baby don't take that
Cause if you do ain't no telling
You's a good girl why you fighting and rebelling
If you keep that up you gonna end up spread
Misled better yet sick in the head
So stop trying to be like them and be yourself
Stop look and see yourself
It's so real gotta stay hard in the paint
You can't fake baby put paint where it ain't
Monkey see monkey do what I say I do
If I take one you take two
I just wanna let you ride
Peer pressure
Get you high
Peer pressure
Smoke trees til I die
Peer pressure
I just wanna let you ride
Peer pressure
Get you high
Peer pressure
Smoke trees til I die
Peer pressure
S N double O P
I love the street life
There is no place I can go
Street life
It's the only life I know
Street life
It's the only life I know
Street life
Cause there's no place I can go
I'm up all night like I'm on twilight
Turn left turn right your life my life
Do wrong do right low life high life
I go green so why you keep offering me white
Can't stop gotta go hard in the paint
Can't fake nigga put paint where it ain't
Monkey see monkey do what I say I do
If I take one you take two
I just wanna let you ride
Peer pressure
Get you high
Peer pressure
Smoke trees til I die
Peer pressure
I just wanna let you ride
Peer pressure
Get you high
Peer pressure
Smoke trees til I die
Peer pressure
S N double O P
Beautiful.. perfect.. flawless.. debonaire
Where'd you get that silky skin?
And the colors those eyes come in?
Does the light come from within?
God made you, did he make the grin?
Wings are under all your clothes
You worth more than your weight in gold
Where did God put down your mole
Or were you only made for show?
Girl you're perrr-feeeect - when God made you
I wonder if he kept the mold, or are you just for show?
Girl you're perrr-feeeect - when I see you
it takes my mind to cloud nine, girl you're so fine, yeah - hey
Lovable, and yeah you're pursuable
Everything is beautiful, even down to your cuticles
It ain't about me, it's all about you
You make me do what you want me to
Yeah, it's just like that
Here go my number baby girl why don't you get right back
You're a, perfect dime, I'm workin mine
Just the thought of me and you I mean it's blowin my mind
Cain't explain it doe, but if I'm wit'chu
I can't remain a ho, or stay in the flow
It's a shame to know, I maintain the flow
Baby girl me and you is unexplainable
Mm, yeah - we need to get into actin
Cain't you see this is a natural attraction
A lot of maxin and relaxin
C'mon baby girl, give a player some action, I'm askin
If you would, if I could
You make the bad boy in me go good
Tell a lie?  No I tell the truth
Baby boo on the real you know you hundred proof
Mm, I can't even believe that
You livin the single life, damn I need that
I hate to see a queen without a king
If I had you I'd get you e'rything
Coast to coast, L.A. to Chicago
See my baby go wherever I go
Costa Rica, Obregato
If I get you I hit the lotto
Loco shoppin, get what you want to
Sky's the limit, so go on and spend it
I said it cause I meant it
So go and give me your love and get in it to win it
Hit it
Mm, I know you dig my rappin
I see you smilin so I might get some action
Yeah, so let's get it crackin
It won't be no +Rerun+, "Hey hey hey - +What's Happenin'+?"
It won't be no type of scrappin
Me and you, this is everlastin
I hate to sound sarcastic
But we'll make a classic, it'll be fantastic
We need to get into actin
Cain't you see this is a natural attraction
A lot of maxin and relaxin
C'mon baby girl give a player some action, I'm askin
Mm, the perfect girl, livin in the perfect world
Like I said, I hate to see a queen without a king
I'm available, let's make it happen
Yeah, the dime or the dub, how you love that?
Ha ha ha
Yeah, 'Beautiful Part 2' - thought you knew
Niggas (Niggas), Bitches (Bitches)
Uhmm, this is some player shit right here
Holler at my home girl on this one, Mia
Moma Mia, Have you seen her (seen her)
Yah, real G's shit.  Tell me
Moma Mia, niggas wanna G her (Snoop Dogg)
Bitches wanna be her
Motherfuckers can't see her
Give it up for Moma Mia
What chew you want to do nigga, is fine with me
Name your game, scandalous sprees, or robberies
Moving keys for your needs, from state to state
I seen my braw take down your boy from around tha way
If you fake IM gunna let you know from the top
And leave that dick in your mouth, and put them infrared dots
On your whole crew, nigga betta ask fo show
Gunna let that ass know what's goin' down like Waco
This is business, and who the fuck you think is runnin' this
Mama, and who's the first to shoot that gun in this
Mama, drama, layin' No Limit and when its intended my hands all up in it
Now, we can do this like intelligent folk
But fuck around, I be that second ward ignorant hoe
Hard headed, with the soft behind, niggas real hittin' it
So Snoop Dogg for the keepin' it real with a strength
Now picture, Bonnie and Clyde, We side as we slide,
Side by side, to keep this pimpin' alive
Do a lick for me, set a trick for me, get us some chips
It's all about you and me Mia, fuck that bitch
You a fall girl, go get it all girl
You in my world, IM gunna make sure you ball girl
Do it for me, do it for you, now it's our world
(Our world, It's our world, now go on and get it)
Now everyone in my click know I don't love no hoes
I don't quit bitch rush a boy to get a new set of them MOMO's
Cus I attack 'Emm, crack 'Emm and smack 'Emm
All on the same note, until that bitch is broke
Charge it to the game, man it's a cold game
But somebody gotta do it, that's real for shes'a
It ain't easy, pimpin' to me is four girls on your team
Down to scheme, aim to beam, for that cream
Cross country track, greyhound buss ride
Down to get your muthafuckin' fetti on, you hear me though
There ain't no limit to what she does
On the really, on to Philly, lemme get a ride on cus
Ghetto love, and every thug need a little
All I want is the money, motherfuck the middle
No backbone is back on to get yah
Unless you got a down ass sister to twist her, cant twist yah
Bonnie and Clyde, We side as we slide,
Side by side, to keep this pimpin' alive
Do a lick for me, set a trick for me, get us some chips
It's all about you and me Mia, fuck that bitch
Uugh, yeah
Snoop, Kells, once again
And this is for the non-believers
That seem to think that pimping is easy
Aiyyo Uncle Snoop
Let's go get these knuckleheads
Pop bottles (pop bottles)
Shake hands (shake hands)
Recognise (recognise) I'm the man
I try to tell 'em but they won't understand that pimping ain't easy
I got money (got money)
I got cars (got cars)
Still fucking with them hood superstars (superstars)
Spend a hundred grand over by the bar like pimping ain't easy
Well it ain't
All them faces in that laker paint
Casa by the lake
Make a little nigga faint
Balling is what I does
I ain't messing with you can'ts
I'm a can do negro
A real life California hero
About six zeros at the end of the number in my bank account
Nigga ain't ya mad at me
I'm so happy to see that you stopped your life to watch mine
Yeah you see it fool
Snoop's everywhere, Italy I'm heavy there
Did a show in Rome like hoe say you ain't never there
Talking 'bout you popping bottles
I don't see none
You made it rain where?
I don't see a wand
Go on get it off
That's what they like to hear
It's your money pimp
We don't fight it here
It's hard enough to be me
Not trying to be you is someting I got to see
Until then I'mma
This ain't a joke a loc made it look easy to you
I been through some shit
I made it easy for ya
Now you ain't got to do much, I pop at everybody
Go unwrap a bottle, share it with them busybodies
Tell 'em what she want to hear
How you would like to take her out of town and shopping here
And Snoopy is your homie
Nah nah girl he out of here
Yeah he just act like he don't know me when he all up in here
You a fool Jack
Though I don't condone faking for a bitch
Don't call it pimping when you're bringing home the bacon to this bitch
Go ahead and talk money
Talk, look at the chicks it brought
But know the deal you better flip her like a somersault
Snoopy never played the role for which he wasn't built for
Never called somebody friend that I wouldn't kill for
I do this balling cause I can not cause it's cool
I pop cause I'm the man
Now watch me and Kells
I got pimping in my veins
Pimping in my blood
Pimping in my swag
Pimping in my cup
Walking like a pimp when I walking through the club
Pause like a pimp so the hoes show me love
Pimp by day, pimp by night
Pimp haters make me keep my pimp game tight
See y'all type of fools make a nigga want thug
Like shots of patron make a nigga want fuck
But I ain't on that shit so I'mma throw my hands up
And keep it sexy pimping cause thats how I does
Uncle Snoop say Kells go hard or go home
Yo hating motherfuckers, I'm still here
To all my honeys in the club getting money with the thugs
Keep it pimping baby
Keep it pimping baby
Southside, westside, eastside, northside
Keep it pimping baby
Keep it pimping
W-Balls, it's your main man DJ E-Z Dick
About to unleash another one of those platnum plus hits
And the word is on the streets, and the word is the streets
We gon go to a live remote, licking wit my main man Mr Doggy Dogg
A day in the life, of a Rollin 20 Crip
I'm just a stuburn type of fella with a head like a brick
And just because I sip Moet, they say that I'm hopeless
But I don't give a fuck, so blame it on the loc'ness
Now this is how we do it when we checking the grip
Snoop Dogg is in this bitch, so don't even trip
I bust a funky composition that's smooth as a prism
Now check it as I kick off in this funky ass rhythm
It's six dub, the phone is ringing off the deck
And it's some homies talking about I disrespected they set
Aww nah, Dogg aint this y'all
I got couple relatives up off of Crenshaw
This is about me and Simon, not me and y'all
I got love for a bunch of real B-Dogs
Like K-Dub, Top Cat, B-Reel, E-Rock, Boo-Lay Face
And the homie Har'ron rest in peace
Big Jay from Cappinella Park
He used to blaze with his nephew after dark
On and on, rocking big neck bone
Mausberg I had to put you on my song
It's so real, I had to show some love
Now back to this scrub, it ain't about Crip or Blood
It's about you bein jealous of what I does
Cause I does it the most, the king of the coast
in the paint playin post - I back you down
like Shaq-Daddy, and bust on ya out the new Caddy
And skirt up, bust ya boulevard
I'm not Xzibit, you can't +Pull My Hoe Card+
.. I fucked all your groupies
When you was doin time in Camp Snoopy
With the fags and snitches, no killers just bitches
And you was payin niggaz off with all my riches
You so hardco', why you ain't go to level fo'?
Oh I know (bitch!)
But I walk the mainline everytime I go down
You can check my G files I do it L.B.C. style
.. I got the word on your Simon
You need to just start rhymin
Cause you the biggest star on your label
And them other niggaz just crumbs off my table
You're not able, to compete with the heat that I drop
And I still ain't been paid, for "1-8-7 on a cop"
I started yo' shit and I will end yo' shit
if you keep talkin shit on Crip!
It all boils down to the fact
that you're jealous of my paper stack (jealous ass nigga)
It all boils down to the fact
that you're jealous of my paper stack (gon get pimp slapped)
Money, I get it, paper I got it
Heaters, I keep em, bitches I got em
If I shoot you, I'll be brainless, and you'll be famous
And I'll be spending money out the anus
Your only gain is to try to get me to fall down to your level
Man you worser than devils
Alotta niggas should've said it, fuck em
But Ima say it for em, stop it, pop it, rewind and play it for em
This nigga's a bitch like his wife
Suge Knight's a bitch, and that's on my life
And I'ma let the whole world see
Cos you fucked up the industry, and that's on me
We can go head up, nigga, set it up
Or we can do the other thing, I love to wet it up
Your rappers and artists, tell em, shut it up
Cos I'll fuck every last one of em up, especially Kurupt
See that's my lil homeboy, so he knows what's up
He better keep it Crippin, and slip his clip in
Cos these niggas trippin, this is official business
Do the same way, leave no witnesses
This is that unexpected diss directed, sprayed, covered and protected
Strip you butt naked, chicky-check-check-it
It's all to the good again
You can catch Snoopy Dibby Double in the hood again
Spinning that real times, spitting that real shit
To make the whole world feel it
So put the bacon in the skillet, and try to peel it
Cause Doggystyle Records is the realest, nigga
Money, I get it, paper I got it
Heaters, I keep em, bitches I got em
Money, I get it, paper I got it
Jealous ass nigga
'Bout to make the night shine
Snoop
Kellz
Platinum through the doors
V12 rollin' nigga goin' platinum
V12 rollin' nigga goin' platinum
V12 rollin' nigga goin' platinum
V12 rollin' nigga goin' platinum
Swag like a lighter
And I keep my swag lit
Man I'm on fire
That can't tell a nigga shit
V12 rolling
Got some honeys up in it
Say your pussy golden
But I only fuck with platinum chicks
Only talk platinum shit
Only swallow platinum spit
Speak my own slang-uage
Still I am the real-iest
Surrounded by Ciroc but your boy sipping Hennessy
Loves is a hospital and I was born in V.I.P.
Sick and there's no cure
Bad case of V.I.P.
Still in the game killing you can call us M.V.P.
Whole fucking club jump in your cars and follow me
It's dude from the Chi and the D.O. double G.
We platinum
Platinum stars
Platinum
Platinum chicks
Platinum
Platinum clothes
Platinum
Platinum rich
Platinum
Platinum shots
Platinum
Platinum flights
Platinum
Platinum cribs
Platinum
Platinum lights
Let a motherfucker know from the ghetto
Limping, crimping and pimping mixing 'em all
Fixing the ball drifting listen dawg
My rap is that, my Cadillac is dripping wet
You can bet, turn it up, roll it up, burn it up
Give it back to me let me show you how to move that groove that weed that do that
All in fallin' ballin' yellin' doggy do that chew that
Record sales, hoe sales, detail, retail, you fail, we sell
Ding dong get your momma ring your bell
Back in the club with my nephew Kellz
25 girls in the Dogg cartel and they do what the Dogg say grifted or walkway
Pimping on them all day can't you tell
I'm liking it loving it cubbin' it gubbin' it drinks up blunts lit platinum boss shit
Nigga you know how we do this
Take it back in the back of the car
Mack-mack like macking them hard, like that, quote backing them hard
Rich nigga with a platinum card in a platinum car with mink on the seat
Hoes on the street cause they all wanna make that trip to the promised land
Little mama can give it to me like I'm the man
Give it to me like I told you
Grab you, flip you, hold you, break you down
Stop depress, drop your dress, cause I'm gon' take you down
What d'you think I got drink and you won't drink right now
Two shots and now you ready for that tat-tat-toawww
And I'm gon' give you that
I know that you diggin' that
Platinum smile on your face yeah they know I'm diggin' that
And I'm liking it, loving it, cubbin' it, gubbin' it, drinks up blunts lit platinum
Boss shit
You know how we do this
Look at us mob we at the bar
We going crazy woah
Earth is our turf
We on them jets
Leaving them haters woah
Snoop poppin' bottles I got models
'Bout to mix it woah
I see your man he causing problems 'bout to fix it woah
You cats is sloppy
Call me the clean up man
Pimpin's my hobby
First love mic in hand
I got a platinum car
I got a platinum chain
I got a platinum chick
And she give me platinum brain
I ain't gonna bullshit ya ladies
This the real thing
While they going gold
We done went platinum man
Yeah, what up bitch
Kurupt Young Gotti, "Ego Trippin" hoe
Ha ha, what up Snoop?
We back in this bitch homie, ey Daz!
So many, so many, so many G's in a 'Lac
Blowin' weed in the back
Switch, hit a switch, D.P.'s in the act
Bigg Snoop Dogg, he a boss like that bitch
Bendin' the curb swervin', blowin' on some hiz-erb
The boss has returned, I'm still flyer than a biz-ird
Ridin' and Rollin' with them Steelers like I'm Pittsburgh
Go against the gang the man will have your whole click served
Nice with the mic thang, the hoes love my pipe game
Put it in the hole all night, I got nice aim
Snoop Dogg nigga, how many times I got to show ya?
You don't wanna see this loc'ster Calvin Broadus from the shoulders
So, just get your rap on, that I never slacked on
Hoe, you got your strap out, here we get our jack on
Dick you hoes can snack on, you and your whole crew
I'll pull out my nine, now do what you hoes do
Di-Di-Di-Dogg Pound, I came to break it down
God bless my pimp bone, gettin' my ego trip on, fool
Ease back before I trip on you uh, flip on you uh
And have them hollows rip on through ya, boy
Dogg Pound is up in this bitch
Riders... Yeah, ey Snoop
These niggaz ain't shit man
So many, so many G's in a 'Lac
Blowin' weed in the back
Switch, hit a switch, D.P.'s in the act
Bigg Snoop Dogg, he a boss like that bitch
Still tokin', title holdin'
Desert Eagle .4-5 totin', leave a niggaz brain broken
Still loc'n, still potent
Still trippin', still tippin', yeah I'm still focused
And I'm still flippin', words, do it like ki's for G's
We swerve-swerve across seas gettin' cheese with ease
I'm still tall and, still ballin'
Dumb bitches still callin', foes still fallin'
Still bustin' a hoe, still gettin' bucks out a hoe
Bitch get outta line I put my Chuck's on her throat
Still hittin' switches, still gettin' riches
Still the best in the game, I'm still hittin' pitches
So, what it do? I'm still at you
I ain't forgot about the past cuz, it still be fool
gangsta shit, niggaz get to ego grippin'
It's Snoop Dogg and I present to y'all "Ego Trippin"
So press play
Man I ain't gon' tell you niggaz again
Man, we about 17 years and rollin' fool
So many, so many G's in a 'Lac
Blowin' weed in the back
Switch, hit a switch, D.P.'s in the act
Bigg Snoop Dogg, he a boss like that bitch
Man what else we gon' do man?
We'll get this cheese, bang out, ride
What up Soopafly, G-Dub, Nate
Kurupt Young Gotti is definitely in this beotch
We do this... what up Dr. Dre, Daz
Nigga we "Ego Trippin"... busta ass niggaz
Count us out, we come right back in
Push us out this time punk
Yeah, and we doin' this our own nigga...
Promise I never leave you...
Boy Boy Boy
You know that you got me Snoop
You're a joy joy joy
It's all the pimpin things you do
You got me in a daze
And I dont know if it's the haze
Cuz we smoke so much ooh ooh
(Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh)
Yea the bitch gotta bitch
Hang out with the D-O-Double
Girl be apart of this
Now hang up your coat
Blaze the dope
Never missin a stroke
Yeah Yea
Now this here is a tapita
You ever seen a stretch Li Jet two seater (No)
It aint what you want it's what you need
A real ass nigga to help you kick your feet up (Yea)
Now flip your channel to Lifetime
You stay on my mind even when I'm writing rhymes
We can chill all day until the nightime
I'll let you know when to go at the right time
I know you don't want to go
But you got to get the hell up outta here
I say go, you say no, Go
Have a drink have a toast
What it do, whateva you want
And we dont wait until the first of the month
We never hesitate to roll a hundred dolla blunt
Nigga money it's nothing to us
It's big pimpin over here baby you fuckin wit us
Struck it rich with the struck of the luck of the dutch
Tripled you up you alittle late for the flush
You got plans for a honeymoon
I got plans to move your fine ass up in my living room
At the studio on the D-low is you wit it
You gots to stay committed
To do what I say no matter how I spit it, you wit it
If I say go, that means go
Now go
ooh ooh
Yea come spend a week with the Black jack tripper
Unzip your zipper
Got a couple of bitches that's Gonna help you up outta that
I want you to sing wit 'em
All of yall sing together
Come on we gon get
Let me hear you say
Promise I never leave you
All my bitches let me hear you say
Promise I never leave you
C'mon let me hear you say
Promise I never leave you
Promise I never leave you
What it do,
Coming at you live, it’s your boy big Snoop Dogg
Got my nephew Soulja Boy in this mothafucker
We need you to move like pronto, like expeditiously, matter fact Soulja Boy, holla at them nephew.
You digg
Pronto, you know it how we ball
She dancin’ on my drawls, with my back against the wall.
S.O.D boys, got our money sittin’ tall
While your money sittin’ small.
Let me make a phone ciz-allll! ciz-alllll
I’m callin up my boyz, they’re gonna bring the noise
When we hit the dance floor.
My team hardcore, all the girls do adore
Bouta do the gang rock til my feet get sizzz-ore
Sizzz-ore
Step on the scene, make the haters say dammit.
Soulja Boy Tell ‘Em hottest rapper on the planet.
Ya’ girl love me and I know you can’t stand it.
Goth-em city doors got ya boy Batmanin’.
Ya’ girl go hard like Dikembe Mutombo.
Soulja number one but I ain’t talkin bout the combo.
S.O.D. boss (yeah) I’m the head hon-cho.
Walk inside the club, I need V.I.P
Pronto, Pronto, you know it how we ball
She dancin’ on my drawls, with my back against the wall.
S.O.D boys, got our money sittin’ tall
While your money sittin’ small.
Let me make a phone ciz-allll! ciz-alllll
I’m callin up my boyz, they’re gonna bring the noise
When we hit the dance floor.
My team hardcore, all the girls do adore
Bouta do the gang rock til my feet get sizzz-ore
Sizzz-ore
Get it in, get it out, turn it up, turn it down
Big Snoop dog and soulja boy, told ya boy in your mouth,
Make it bang, make it bounce, break it up take it out,
nigga what you talking about, snoop dogg walk it out,
Go to work, do the jerk, do it till your head hurt
we the west, just the turf, known throughout the universe
Superman and Kryptonite all on the same mike
Send us some bad bitches like
Pronto, Pronto, you know it how we ball
She dancin’ on my drawls, with my back against the wall.
S.O.D boys, got our money sittin’ tall
While your money sittin’ small.
Let me make a phone ciz-allll! ciz-alllll
I’m callin up my boyz, they’re gonna bring the noise
When we hit the dance floor.
My team hardcore, all the girls do adore
Bouta do the gang rock til my feet get sizzz-ore
Sizzz-ore
Mike check 0 1 2 3, I don’t freestyle cuz my style ain’t free!
Lyrical criminal most have battled for national, Soulja no limit but I'm not talking bout Master P
I’m in my tour bus a lot and groupies in back of me
Every boy’ll shoot interview, video, shoot a magazine
My flow is so sick, the number one off of iTunes
My flow, quick, can lay you quicker than the fuckin’ swine flu
Pronto, Pronto, you know it how we ball
She dancin’ on my drawls, with my back against the wall.
S.O.D boys, got our money sittin’ tall
While your money sittin’ small.
Let me make a phone ciz-allll! ciz-alllll
I’m callin up my boyz, they’re gonna bring the noise
When we hit the dance floor.
My team hardcore, all the girls do adore
Bouta do the gang rock til my feet get sizzz-ore
Sizzz-ore
All black let it up, nigga we can get it up
ya, you can set it up cuz we will neva let it up
and I’ll do it till you get enough, and i beat you dead and red and stuff
what it do, what it is, I see you haven’t read enough
this is the life I chose for me and this is the way I chose to be
A lot of fools is holding me but that’s just the way it’s supposed to be
Never win, against the grain, always playing 20 games
Stand for something dawg or you gonna fall for anything but later for that
Yeah, I got my swag back, I’m with the Soulja Boy, that nigga bad, back
But them GCs and TCs begin the VIP, blowin on some liquor, purple trees
Jerkin knees, workin these cute bad bitches
I think they bent their knees, we gonna get them for their cheese
Break it down, spread it round, five pound
Put it in the air, right now like pronto
Pronto, Pronto, you know it how we ball
She dancin’ on my drawls, with my back against the wall.
S.O.D boys, got our money sittin’ tall
While your money sittin’ small.
Let me make a phone ciz-allll! ciz-alllll
I’m callin up my boyz, they’re gonna bring the noise
When we hit the dance floor.
My team hardcore, all the girls do adore
Bouta do the gang rock til my feet get sizzz-ore
Sizzz-ore
“Ladies and gentlemen, we are now approaching 35,000 feet
Hope you’re enjoying your ride through Wonderland
I am your flight attendant Boss Lady
Turn your bottles upside down and your blunts in an upright position
And please remain seated until the flight has come to a complete stop
Thanks for flying the friendly skies with your friendly captain Snoop D-O-double-G aka The Homey”
What it do? Comin at you live
It's your boy Bigg Snoop Dogg
Got my nephew Soulja Boy in this motherfucker
And we need you to move like... pronto, like expeditiously
Matter of fact, Soulja Boy, holla at 'em nephew
Ya diiiiiig?
Pronto; you know that's how we ball
She dancin on my drawers with my back against the wall
S.O.D. boys got our money sittin tall
While yo' money sittin small, then we make a phone kiz-zall
Kiz-zall, I'm callin all my boys
They gonna bring the noise when we hit the dance floor
My team hardcore, all the girls do adore
I'm 'bout to do the game right til my feet get siz-zore, siz-zore
Stepped on the scene, make the haters say damn it
Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, hottest rapper on the planet
Your girl love me, and I know you cain't stand it
Gotham City girls got your boy Bat-Mannered
Your girl go hard like Dikembe Mutombo
Soulja number one but I ain't talkin 'bout the combo
S.O.D. boss yeah, I'm the head honcho
Walk inside the club I need V.I.P. pronto
Get it in, get it out, turn it up, turn it out
Bigg Snoop Dogg and Soulja Boy, told ya boy, in ya mouth
Make it bang, make it bounce, break it up, take it out
Nigga what you talkin 'bout? Snoop Dogg, walk it out
Go to work, do the jerk, do it 'til yo' head hurt
We the west, kiss the turf, known throughout the universe
Superman and kryptonite, all on the same mic
Send us some bad bitches like... (pronto)
Church on the move, L7's yellin mayday
Rap-A-Lot and "II Trill" lookin fo' a payday
Rollin to "The Chronic," it's feelin like it's +Dre Day+
I'm cooler than an +Ice Cube+ and you can ask Day Day
Bun B, an O.G. from out the dirty
I'm comin down candy and I'm sittin on them 30's
Your girlie's kinda purty, she actin kinda flirty
I'ma have to take her to the crib and flip her like a birdie
Put on for my city (city) rep it for my block (block)
Like Hook from outta Brooklyn, or Cap from outta Watts (Watts)
Them knots up in my Levis, them Jordans on my toes (toes)
That Coogi's on my back and I'm just tryin to get chose (chose)
S.O.D. Money Gang, sittin on them stacks (stacks)
That LBC O.G. with boppers on the track (track)
And last but never least the Underground King is back
And we tryin to make it crack, that's a fact, pronto (pronto)
All black hooded up, nigga we can get it up
Yeah you can set it up, cause we will never let it up
And I'll do it 'til you get enough
And I'll leave you dead and red and stuff
What it do, what it is
I see you haven't read enough
This is the life I chose for me, and this is the way I chose to be
A lot of fools is cold to me, but that's just the way it's 'sposed to be
Never went against the grain, always bang 20 Gang
Stand for something dog or you gon' fall for anything but
Later for that, yeah I got my swag back
I'm with the Soulja Boy, now nigga back back
For them G.C.'s and T.C.'s we in the V.I.P.
Blowin on some Laker purple trees, jerkin these
Workin these cute bad bitches, I think they Vietnamese
We gon' get them for they cheese
Break it down, spread it 'round, buy a pound
Put it in the air right now~! Like pronto (pronto)
Watch your mouth never speak on what you not know
I'm from the west coast I turn his face into a pothole
15 deep niggas creepin' in the Tahoe
Let's see you act macho when I pull the burner on ya
Sideways like a taco
Rap niggas we all talk like a Raldo
Trunk full of cargo
Dry like Barstow
Arsenal run up on 'em
Get up on 'em
Drill 'em with the clips
Niggas gon' respect mine
I run this whole shit
Crip rag in my pocket
Three eighty on my hip
But back to this hip hop
Who next on the list
Gangstas don't kiss we get old and die rich
I smoke till I'm sleep
Crush these niggas with my fist
Your daddy was a coward you's a son of a bitch
So back to the glock with the infra-blue clip
We hit licks and gang bang
You on some T-Pain shit
Chop the pop and 20 crip
Watch the flames hit his whip
Then I'm back to the block shit
Rock shit, hot shit
Hit 'em in the chest
Doggy run up in his pockets
Misrepresenting sock him in his eye socket
I sat back and let you little niggas make your profits
Nonsense, I'm watching, hoes out of pocket
You heard what they say
Don't block it till you knock it
You stole my whole style
I'm 'bout to take you fools hostage
Brrrah, bhrrrrah
From the looks to the hooks
I'm looking at these new niggas flippin' through my book
There's only one king
Is you a pawn or a rook?
I got hand machine guns and soldiers on foot
So beef with me it's none
Nigga done south huh
I throw a bullet at ya who gon catch it nigga duck
Then send them goons at ya
Turn your weapons into dust
You against me it's like trying to fight a bus
I'm at the BET Awards sitting in disgust
It's still a (G Thang) but yet they wanna be us
They wanna be Daz
They wanna be Kurupt
Cash on delivery money up front
Yeah
Bubble kush out a purple blunt
Who's the best nigga circle one
Snoop Dogg
I'm large in the streets
My arms and my feets knee deep in the game
I'm the best on the beat
Let you little niggas speak
And run for a treat
Motherfuckin' geeks
All y'all niggas owe me until you rest in peace
And that's our D.P.G. motherfucka
That's real shit man
How the fuck y'all gon' keep having these award shows out here on the west coast
But ain't no mutherfuckas from the west coast winning no awards, nigga?
It's like that, it's just like that
We showed you niggas how to do this shit
Bitch ass nigga.
Want some, get some.
Bad enough, take some
Snoop D-O Double to the G
Double to the G
G-G-G
Double to the G
Snoop D-O Double to the G
Hey you, out there
Fat ass, good hair
Hell with my homies
I wanna kick it with you
Cuz I got my swilla
Packed to the cilla
For what you heard
Don't be scared
Tell me what's the deal-a
Go, go, go, go
(Snoop D-O Double to the G)
Go, go, go, go
Ay, what's yo name
and who you with?
Have a see baby girl
Come and limp with a pimp
Relax, you know I got this shit
Split that squishy
While I pop this Kris
Yea girl, its the D-O dub
How you feel
on the real
I wanna be yo thug
Now
I wanna treat it like its never been treated
Mixin and fixin and beat it and beat it
Psst!
Baby let me holla at you
Psst!
I'm tryna throw these dollas at you
Psst!
Boy what you want?
(Snoop D-O Double to the G)
Psst!
Tell me what you want
Psst!
Baby let me holla at you
Psst!
I'm tryna throw these dollas at you
Psst!
Boy what you want?
Psst!
Tell me what you want
Your love so bold
And so cold
Like a fridgerator
You work that ass
(Snoop D-O Double to the G)
Up and down
Like an elevator
Dont you wish yo boyfriend was a gangsta like me?
But he ain't
And don't drink slow
And think slow
Cuz hey
I crack a bitch every motherfuckin day
And I'm likin it
Lovin it
Twerkin it
And then you dippin it
Diggin in
Workin it
Why you wanna go an do that?
Its not T.I
The boss with the horse
Snoopy D-O double G-Y
And I'm settin the tone
You know
Me and you we need to be gettin it on
In a real way
Its so major
Me and J. Fox wanna fly ya'll to Asia
So what's stoppin ya'll
Let's get it poppin ya'll
A little somethin for the head
Like a tylenol
Groove
And do yo doo
And don't play with it
Go and make yo move
Boy what you want
(Snoop D-O Double to the G)
Tell me what you want
Psst!
Baby let me holla at you
Psst!
I'm tryna throw these dollas at you
Psst!
Boy what you want?
Psst!
Tell me what you want
Psst!
Baby let me holla at you
Psst!
I'm tryna throw these dollas at you
Psst!
Boy what you want?
Psst!
Tell me what you want
Girl you know you're show stoppin
When you get that body rockin
Let's roll these trees on ya
(Snoop D-O Double to the G)
so we can dose up on ya
Snoop Dogg and J. Foxx
We're lookin for some dream girls
Close your eyes baby
And dream on this
Yea
(Snoop D-O Double to the G)
Pump Pump, Pump Pump, Pump Pump, Pump Pump
Pump Pump
Let the motion of your body be the key, cuz we
be the motherfuckin G Funk family
Now, I'll play the G in this deadly game
Snoop Dogg is the name Dogg Pound's the game
If it ain't one thing it's a motherfuckin nother
Word to my granny and my daddy, and my mother
Whether standin on the corner, or bouncin in the six-deuce
When I was locked up, I couldn't wait to get loose
Cuz back in the days, on the side where it's at
A nigga had to have a fat stack
And I was a fool, don't make me have to grab my strap and go
rat-tat-tat-tat, nigga slap to a motherfucker face he fall
Can't none of y'all niggaz see the Doggy Dogg
Cuz I'm one rude bwoy comin with the wickedness
So shut the fuck up, and listen while I'm kickin this
Blam blam, blam to dem all
Listen to the shots from my nigga Doggy Dogg (pump pump)
Now you can look to the Sun, and spot the moon
And see Snoop Doggy Dogg step into the room
With the G funk, he funk, she funk, we funk
Follow me, follow me, listen to the words that a nigga...
I come down with the wickedness
One rude bwoy comin with the darkness (blam!)
Close your eyes cuz you can't see me
I quit school cause of recess you fuckin B.G.
I'm shakin up the party, like Lodi Dodi
Is he the dopest? Ya betta ask somebody
When, then, send, some gin
And a pack of zig zags now let the games begin
In nineteen-motherfuckin-ninety-three
I'm fuckin up every nigga known in the indistry
Check this out, it's a Dogg Pound thang
You know who I am you know my motherfuckin name, who am I?
(The S-N-Double-O-P) nickname (Silky Smell) last name (D-O-double-G)
The behavior and the flavor that I found
Makes me wanna hit that ass up with the Dogg Pound
Now just back up, don't act up, I pack up much heat
Any battle I'm in, I win, I can't be beat
Don't sleep while I creep peep out my technique
I forgot, I'm out of sight so you can't see the
MC of the year, you hear and you fear
i got somethin for them niggaz in the front and the rear
I handle the sides, did a driveby in the who-ride
I'm satisfied now everything is really alright
You know when I come nigga I come wicked
Don't need no permisison, motherfucker I'ma kick it
Niggaz sweat my shit I wet em up with the biscuit
Lick em up shot, it don't stop, till dem all drop
Make up your mind, go pop or slang rocks
Just stop, rottin on the next niggaz jock
I'm strapped with my glock on your block
And ready to let loose on the first imitator that I spot
(I was raised in the hood)
Eastside Long Beach to be exact
(I was raised in the hood)
Where the grass is greener and the crips are much meaner
(We got ya, back, I was raised in the hood)
I'll never turn my back on the hood
(I was raised in the hood)
Yeah you can take me out the hood
But you can't take the hood up outta me
Raised by the gangstas, the generals, the thieves, the twins
Yeah I'm stealing niggas, please what you know bout that
I do it everytime, told em 1800 had em mixing it with lime (oh weee)
My life is like a movie, I was thuggin in the beach when I lit my first doobie
In the same city where I got my first piece of coochie
Where I sold my first dime, and I held my first uzi
Bitch, choose me, cause I'm going to the top
Rap or the rock, them hoes say I'm on bitch
Whenever will it stop
I was poppin' like it's on, slamming Chevy's up the block
East up, what it do though
Now I ride 2-door, the Porsche looking mean
Hella far from broke, the 40 won't choke plus a niggas still elope
Only cause I was raised in the hood
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
We got ya back
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
We got ya back
Raised by the monsters the criminals
The G's, it was ? the niggas on the east
What you know bout that?
Snoopy in his prime, I'm a boss
I catch a nigga slippin' like moss
Ride with the realest , I've been on it since a young'n
It's 200 bitches in the function
Looking cool, you know it bitchy I'm rollin'
And I aint worried bout them niggas we patrolling the hood and the city
Rollin on that dilly
2 milly, 2 Bugatti's, call em Rozay and Diddy
Heart of the set, Homie I'm a vet
Lil nigga, keep ya clothes, ask around,
I'm a rep, East up, what it do though
Hoes spillin' Nuvo, Doggy on his tip
I threw up the two O
Hella far from broke, the 40 won't choke plus a niggas still elope
Only cause I was raised in the hood
Raised by them hustlas them dealers on the block
It was plenty of them niggas on the spot
What you know bout that?
Turned up fully
The hood raised me, gang-banging made me a bully, ya dig
Burnt out and any party we at, you know it's turned out
The people talking the rumours
Now what you heard about?
How I spend 100 thou gettin' purped out
I'm strapped up, I keep a pistol for these suckers tryna act up
They know I'm famous like I won't get in the streets cuz
Like I don't come from the W, I'm a beast bru
What it do though, dickies for the dulo
Homie, you know skinny niggas sumo
Hella far from broke, the 40 won't choke plus a niggas still elope
Only cause I was raised in the hood
Keep it shaking, Cali keep it quaking
Cause the Ryders got me bringin home the bacon
Show me love, and it wasn't no mistakin
that I would dedicate this melody - fuck the hatin
I had to tell my girl to pack her shit
cause she slipped and dipped inside
I need a girl that's ready to ride
to keep the heater right by her side
Aiyyo, so what the deal Dogg, tell me, keep it real Dogg
Niggaz seem (?) to the brain, how you feel Dogg?
Nigga I'ma ride, set it up, let it spill Dogg
Anything you want, I can flip, got the skill Dogg
Baby girl you so so-phisticated
Finance related, you graduated
to the next level in the game, wearin my name
Bad little brickhouse, go and do that thang
Yo - niggaz surprised when they open they eyes
Thick in the thighs wasn't part of they plan
Not just his bitch, I'm like his main man
Act shifty - your resistance gone swiftly
Bitches mad at a nigga, askin why he kissed me
Stop whinin, just to cry and get the mackin daddy
I don't like it when the angry chick is actin crabby
That's why he bagged me
Ghetto jewel, never loud and trashy
No stressin over chicks - problem? Bet I solve it fastly
We gangbang on these niggaz like we 'posed to do
and I'll be damned if I let a bitch get close to you
We posted Boo - you, my, one and only
Quick to dump before the homies
Remember when that phony nigga ran up on me at the club?
You filled him up with slugs, that's what I call love
All that pushin and shovin, kissin and huggin
Thuggin, dig it, dug-in
I'm lovin every minute of it Boo
The way you stay true, and always kept your cool
You kept the heater right by your thigh
And when the shit got hectic you was ready to ride
You didn't run out, when I pulled the gun out
That's what I'm talkin bout, no doubt
Ruff Rydin, Eastsidin, to the realest y'know
D-O-double-Gizze, you know how we get busy
Aiyyo, how could I leave a real nigga? A real nigga's all I need
Fake bitches try to take my place, fall to they knees
Don't violate, see my man, he don't like no scrapes
And if I heard you was frontin I hope on the case
Wild one? Maybe, but I'ma protect my baby
Test me fool and by the end you gon' think I'm crazy
That's how I do for my Dogg, keep my (?) strong
Both sides relied on the shit, nigga sing the song
Yeah.. hahah, E-V-E! D-O-double-Gizze! Y'know!
Ruff Rydin, Eastsidin! Foe life, ahh! Yeah..
And you thought it'd never happen
Fuck the haters, bow wow!
Woof.. woof.. woof.. woof..
BEOTCH!
It's official now, yeah
We gon' Ruff Ryde up on out of here on this one
Eastside up Eastsidaz
Goldie Loc in the house
Lil' 1/2 Dead
DJ Jam, my nigga E, Davey Dave, uhh, misbehave
Give it to 'em Dogg
Whattup DMX? WOOF!
Master P? UNNNGHH!
Dr. Dre
My nephew Scott on the beat
Illy Philly-delphia
Awwwwwww, yeah babyyy!
It's another one, funky as they come
Evey Eve and Doggy Dogg
Bitch please, awwww!
You can’t run away, run away
You gotta face this
You can’t run away, run away
You gotta face this
Time is moving fast
Can’t dwell on the past
Leave this morning last
I’ll have another chance
Oh dreams look fake
The new ones made
Nothing stays the same
Do it the rebel way
From moonlight to sunrise
Day in and day out
I stay on my
Modus operandi
Opening my third eye
Fuck this on the words I say
Man stand a diligent, militant
With the sentiment, I’m here to represent
Constant changes like past ranges
Evident, the time we spend to sacred
You can’t run away, run away
You gotta face this
You can’t run away, run away
You gotta face this
Time is moving fast
Can’t dwell on the past
Leave this morning last
I’ll have another chance
Oh dreams look fake
The new ones made
Nothing stays the same
Do it the rebel way
We still drop it hardcore
None of them can’t take it
When the lion roar
Remote take no shorts tellin we want more
Now it’s time to settle the score
For all of my people in the ghetto streets reppin
And all who really stepped on
Love is the cure and courage is the weapon
You can use to overcome
You can’t run away, run away
You gotta face this
You can’t run away, run away
You gotta face this
Time is moving fast
Can’t dwell on the past
Leave this morning last
I’ll have another chance
Oh dreams look fake
The new ones made
Nothing stays the same
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
Do it the rebel way
When it's over now
Nothing left for the enemy
When the show goes down
And you silence the melody
(That's when you say)
I'll be that some boy in Miami
Rude boy you in the Kingston
Bad boy in New England
New York the whole kingdom
I ain't got the remedy
But when they root for me
You see I'm what they see
I'm living in the sin it's how it's gonna be
I heard the boy is sinnin and they die for me
Wadadadang wadadadadang
Well you coming on the dance
And now we shaped up our game
Wadadadang wadadadadang
And you know we never ever stop
Beat them to the end
See them on top on them
Willin them, killing them
And then one after
See it
Run to it when nobody asked to be drop off
When we on my bred Snoop Lion
Meets his blessing love and honor
To what we are apart
And to what we are even
You know say it all we all prosper
News flash pick a little ash
Every website and blog
Snoop and Busta in the studio
Hanging out here, get a little bit of snap on
Don't ever get it twisted
See we gifted when togheter
Reincarnated Snoop Lion so let's see out forever
I ain't got the remedy
But when they root for me
You see I'm what they see
I'm living in the sin it's how it's gonna be
I heard the boy is sinnin and they die for me
Somebody help me wake up
And make it rain on my head
Let it rain, let it rain, let it rain on my head
Set it free, so complete, everything has come to ending
Let it breathe
When the background clears
And you're the one standing there
You're running out of time
You're praying that you make a hit
Whatever they do, whatever they do to you
Whatever they say, whatever they say to you too bad
Sound off in that Paris
Roll call in Lebanon
Many leros in Mexico
Can you hear me, the whole kingdom
I ain't got the remedy
But when they root for me
You see I'm what they see
I'm living in the sin it's how it's gonna be
I heard the boy is sinnin and they die for me
Somebody help me wake up
And make it rain on my head
Let it rain, let it rain, let it rain on my head
Set it free, so complete, everything has come to ending
Let it breathe
Hey yo Jim man
Why don't ya
You don't you kick some of that
You know, you know how you do it man
It's a trip people don't even believe were together right now (wow)
But tell your story, man
You know the one I like
Say it for me (Ride, ride, ride)
Riders on the storm (Ride, ride, ride)
Riders on the storm (Ride, ride, ride)
Into this house we're born (Into this house we're born)
Into this world we're thrown (Into this world we're thrown)
Like a dog without a bone (Like a dog without a bone)
An actor out on loan(An actor out alone)
Riders on the storm (Ride, ride, ride)
There's a killer on the road (Killer, Murder)
His brain is squirmin' like a toad
Take a long holiday (holidays, holidays)
Let your children play (play)
If ya give this man a ride
Sweet family will die (Die)
Killer on the road, yeah (Killer, Murder)
Goin' off of this roll off of that with the Lizard king
Bumpin' in the back (wow) how bout that (yeah)
Driftin', Liftin', Swiftin', coastin', Testaroastin'
But the wheels won't stop 200 (errrr) on the highway fresh
Up off the block he's a rider, na he's a killer dresses in all black
But his hat says Stella (Stella)
Pedal to the metal I gotta go hard
Drive by and say hello hey Fredwreck you my mello now let me
Hear what I sound like acapella (shhh) wow ride dip swish now
Bring it back just like this like a dog with out his bone unlike
A G with out his chrome it's hard to imagine the homey dog in a
Jag and he's checkin' for the checkered flag comin' in first never
In last cause my car to fast (zoom, zoom) I neva eva run out of
Gas cause I just to clean I do it upper class so fasten your seat
Belts it's so hot it will even make heat melt (woo, woo) so get a bowl
And roll and ride slip through the slip and slide
Like a dog without a bone
An actor out on loan
Riders on the storm
There's a killer on the road
His brain is squirmin' like a toad
Take a long holiday
Let your children play
If ya give this man a ride
Sweet family will die
Killer on the road, yeah
Away chameleon
Need for speed I'm trying to take the lead hold on little homey
Before you run into the trees (watch out, watch out) I've seen things that
I would have never saw before hey yo Jim let'em in, let'em in open up
My back tire smokin' (errrr) the whole street and now the police wanna
Flash there lights and chase the Dogg all night (woof) but I won't pull over
Nor give up, 'cause I just don't give a fuck (What, What, What)
Yeah from the side boy where we was born and raised straight up to ride
Boy (west side) continuously, (continuously) we get to it expeditiously
Keep the light on east side on Snoop Dogg and The Doors
And yeah we bout to ride on
Riders on the storm
Riders on the storm
Into this house we're born
Into this world we're thrown (were thrown)
Like a dog without a bone
An actor out on loan
Riders on the storm
Riders on the storm
And let's ride
Ridin' in my Chevy and I'm sittin at the light (at the light)
I got kush in my blood, sippin' Remy keep it pimpin' with my pinky off the cut,
And all the people when they see me like "Snoop turn it up!"
When I'm ridin' in my Chevy and I'm sittin at the light (at the light)
I got kush in my blood, sippin' Remy keep it pimpin' with my pinky off the cut,
And all the people when they see me like "Snoop turn it up!"
Im in my zone MO'FUCKER, get stuck in the ribs by a old BONE CRUSHER,
Two tone leather with the soul of a HUSTLER,
Tryin' to stack mayos steal the clothes from my BROTHER,
People wanna know am I close to my MOTHER,
Im a premature baby I'm ahead of the OTHERS.
Yes I'm aware of the GUTTER, ahead of my time, the games gettin' SMOTHERED
I stay on the grind but its only gettin ROUGHER
Niggas think I'm playin 'till they smokin' like a MUFFLER,
'bout to take like a lane open on you BUSTA'S.
Catch me if you can, in a world full of SUCKA'S
Niggas keep synthin', they wanna be USHER,
Until they get their eyes and coffin closed by the USHER,
Their punches wont work, you need more MUSTARD,
Lord lay 'em down, he need no sufferin', nigga!
Hmm, on my road to RICHES, I done seen a lotta roaches 'n' BITCHES
Thats why the dogg keep low in the DISTANCE,
But niggas don't know when to LISTEN, thats why I load AMMUNITION,
And stay in touch with my COMPETITION, I'm in touch with my COMPOSITION,
Roll a blunt, it's the coosh, yea we got PRESCRIPTIONS, just to defy,
No ENCRIPTIONS, pick a side, yea you know we CRIPPIN',
And through my eyes I see the world DIFFERENT, a hundred g's to record WITH 'EM,
Hit the gas, give me more ENGINE, this is somethin' that was born IN 'EM,
No game for a bitch just for a FIDDLE, I'm in tune give me more RHYTHM,
I let the bullets and the swords HIT 'EM, all p's like a Porsche EMBLEM,
Now make dead with the MORTICIAN, nigga, this big Snoop Dogg you best to listen,
You heard me?
It ain't safe to leave the house
Fuck around 'round here
These niggaz quick to air ya out
and lay ya down 'round here
You run your mouth niggaz will put ya
in the ground 'round here
One-time don't even fuck around and come 'round here
M.L. and 21st, where niggaz worse
Quick to put one in ya first
Before they search your pockets get that china
And where they got ya that's where they gon' find ya
They rollin' out there nigga, that's that real shit
Where bein' slick can get you caught up real quick
Hold up homie, don't let this money blind ya
Cause you won't see me standin' right behind ya
Then it's time's up, that's how we talkin' if he come from the Beach
Better watch them niggaz out here if they come from the East
Don't stop if I'm not out somewhere so niggaz can see
Cause they don't give a fuck, you stuck if you ain't with me
My city's a beast..
You can't walk through the Beach unless you walk with a piece
You can't talk to police 'cause most police is like me
They get that cheddar like they want it, take yo' shit in the street
They want that paper out here
Enough to come and take what's on your plate out here
Enough to have somebody take your place out here
Fuckin' around without your strap sound like a bad idea
It ain't safe to leave the house
Fuck around 'round here
These niggaz quick to air ya out
and lay ya down 'round here
You run your mouth niggaz will put ya
in the ground 'round here
One-time don't even fuck around and come 'round here
This L.A. County nigga
If you's a bitch then get yo' ass from 'round here nigga
Before they come put bullets in yo' brain
Cause in the hood ain't nothin' really changed
They tryin' to get that paper just like Uncle Sam
And just like Sam niggaz just don't give a damn
They mission is to leave yo' ass in pain
Cause they don't give a fuck about a thing
It's a cold game, that's how they talkin' if they walk on the West
Better watch yourself without this star protectin' your chest
These niggaz come from nowhere, get to takin' yo' shit
You'll get beat outside the set and then sent home in your stretch
This shit is a mess..
You can't walk in them streets unless you walk with your vest
You can't talk to police 'cause most police ain't gon' stress
They get that cheddar like they want it with they foot in your chest
They want that paper out here
Enough to come and take what's on your plate out here
Enough to have somebody take your place out here
Fuckin' around without your strap sound like a bad idea
It ain't safe to leave the house
Fuck around 'round here
These niggaz quick to air ya out
and lay ya down 'round here
You run your mouth niggaz will put ya
in the ground 'round here
One-time don't even fuck around and come 'round here
Snoop Dogg is out
You wanna be there partyin'
All night long
Until the break of dawn
Oooh weee, oooh weee ooh
Oooh weee, oooh weee ooh
Now stop, pause, chill for a second
It's Snoop Dogg and Teddy Riley on the record
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell all your friends
They got a party that's crackin' and that shit won't end
Me and my folks, we drink and we smoke, we rockin' the boat
We pop about four, five more, so
Bend don't break, break don't bend
I'm number one with a bullet, I'ma make more ends
When you're great they gonna hate
So what, that's probably why we Cali-fornicate
And shake to a whole nother elevation
Catch me in the hood or your favorite television station
Creatin', a whole nother lane for the generation
I drink Sunkist for the good vibration
Dippin', Rippin', shakin' and bakin'
I know you've been patiently waitin', I'm back y'all
Snoop Dogg is out
You wanna be there partyin'
All night long
Until the break of dawn
Oooh weee, oooh weee ooh
Oooh weee, oooh weee ooh
On your mark, set, party on 3
4, hit the floor and go for what ya know (hey!)
I'm in the party low-key, blowin' an eighth of dro
I'm playful but I don't play
Spinnin' the globe like the strobe
Like the club packed, my flow right the whole night
If I plan to go right, a cold night
in hell before I fail, I'm alright
Man, I'm like a flash of lightnin'
Breath of fresh air, classic debonair
Glass of champagne, hold it in my right hand
Finger roll cold, Dogg the Ice Man
Brazil to Iceland
I shine like a million lights man
The talk of the town, believe it or doubt it
I don't need to shout it, you better read about it
Snoop Dogg is out
You wanna be there partyin'
All night long
Until the break of dawn
Oooh weee, oooh weee ooh
Oooh weee, oooh weee ooh
Now pose like a superstar, walk like a model
I love it when you pop that bottle
I love it 'cause you're not so automatic
I love it when you put it where Dogg can grab it
I got my hands where you'll let me
I love it when you dance, so sexy
I love it when you in that night mood
Slow motion movin' like ain't nothin' like you
I'm feelin' good doin' what I like to
Suited up, pimp stripe, light blue
I let it do what it might do
Fresh and crispy, the rest a mystery
I'm blessed with history
No less than best, catch the rest
Live in the flesh, smooth with the style I choose
Not off the stress, I'm hot off the press
Snoop Dogg is out
You wanna be there partyin'
All night long
Until the break of dawn
Oooh weee, oooh weee ooh
Oooh weee, oooh weee ooh
Woah woah woah woah woah woah woah
I got to snoop, so cold
Big Snoop (Battlecat, Snoop Dogg)
I hear the sercrets that you keep
When you're talking in your sleep
I hear the secrets that you keep
When you're talking in your sleep
When you close your eyes and you go to sleep
That's when I ride, late night I be on the creep
I'mma get you before you get me
Them niggas that you hang with are so weak
You're talking shit about me
Turn around and you're the homie
Man that shit is phoney
Tried to set me up bro
But you were singing to my hoe
From a nigga to a dub
From a g to a scrub
I'm a vet on the set
I'mma show you what it was
Y'all flipping out, trippin' out
Cause I took a different route
6-2 rag, hell yeah come dippin' out
Beach city rider, 85'er, eastsider
Ain't none of y'all niggas live-er
I hear the bad shit that y'all talk
You want to catch me out of pocket but I can't get caught
I'mma show you what a bitch thought, a bitch taught
A nigga got played out and layed out in chalk
It's a cold game
It's like a rap riddle
Nine times out of ten a bitch was in the middle
Most neighborhoods started off cool
In the eighties it was Long Beach fool
With no seperation
Here's a toast to the real shit, the foundation
You know my game is amazing
I keep blazing
Eastside niggas is the craziest and the shadiest
Yeah dawg, tell 'em again
What you talking 'bout loc?
I got hell of a ends
Hell boss
Hoping that her smiling exes fall (ego hustling loopholes)
I'd always thought that you would've never have stabbed me everywhere
More rumours, more lies
More money, more time
I don't really give a fuck cause you all gon' shine
So you better get yours and quit worrying 'bout mine
I see it in your voice and I hear it in your eyes
So jealous, so envious
What a drag
Real talk loc, you ain't acting like a man
Your message is how blessed you is
I guess you is
Look at the mess you in
When you close your eyes and you go to sleep
That's when I ride, late night I be on the creep
I'mma get you before you get me
Them niggas that you hang with are so weak
For all them young niggas that didn't quite make it to another year
To all my thugs in the grave
This one is for my homies and my thug niggas
A bunch of used to be paranoid drug dealers
A bout 'it motherfucker standing on the block
Ain't no limit to his heart, cause his veins is non-stop
And constantly a nigga catching them cases
With them death situations
A nigga blast with no hesitation
Mama I wanna now where my daddy at
My only memory is a picture with a chrome gat
I wanna do, like them gangsters do
I wanna gangster walk
I caught a bullet now I'm in some chalk
Just another young nigga in a song
Mama always told me gangster's don't live long
After I'm dead can you still see me
Do you really want to be me
I'm just another bossaline
I represent all them niggas trying to get paid
But couldn't be saved
Huh, y'all now what I'm talking about
To all my thugs in the grave
See ya when I get there
See ya when I get there
Ride nigga till I deduct
Them things die nigga for fuck
Fly. fly nigga
Since you absent I'ma tilt the bottle
hit the weed and get high for my nigga
My partner my nigga
My round in my trigger
From the little shit I remember you was a down ass nigga
I'm mad i missed shit you could have showed me  (fuck)
Shit still ain't the same even though my mama told me
I keep your memories in my endeavors    (nigga)
Thank you for being my daddy, thank you for what you left us
I swear to protect, and the only way to carry on, is carry on
My nigga little Mike, my nigga G-Slim, and my cousin Larry gone
I ain't trying to question God, but why so young
That's why from daylight to night time I got my gun
This fucking thing we call life ain't nothing but a phase
That's why you better keep your faith,or you're that thug in the grave
Rest in peace khaki's creased
From the east side of Long Beach
Pouring out liquor, thinking about my homie
Cause I can't understand how it went down
We used to clown from town to town
Claiming dogg pound
Took you on lollapalooza with a nigga
L0Dog you my nigga
If you don't get no bigger
Spanky Loco from the the dub, and Little Man from the I
Dear God why them good niggas have to die
I can't reminisce too long
Cause I'm in a war zone
If I sleep, slip, trip I might get blasted on
So I'm gone mash on home
but on the way I see some of my enemies
And they tripping on me
Cause I fuck with Master P
But I;m heated, so beat it
And another 87 case, I really don't need it
Proceeded, I ain't gone cry for the homie
Shit we gone celebrate
Cause we now the homeboy is in a safer and better place
I'm gonna take my time mmime!
She gonna get hers before I...
I'm gonna take it slow..ow..oo..ow,
I'm not gonna rush to stroll, so she can get a...
Sensual seduction-duction so she can get a..
Sensual seduction-duction ooh whoa!
So she can get a sensual seduction-duction duction
Sensual seduction-duction ooh whoa!
She might be with him, but shes thinking bout me, me, meee,
We gonna go to the mall, we gonna go out to eat, eat, eat,
And all that we ever do is play in the sheets,
Smoke us a cigarette, and go back to sleep, sleep, sleep, so we can get a!
Sensual seduction-duction
Sensual seduction-duction ooh whoa! ooh whoa!
Sensual seduction-duction duction
Sensual seduction-duction ooh whoa!
I'm gonna take my time mmime!
She gonna get hers before I...
I'm gonna take it slow..ow..oo..ow,
I'm not gonna rush to stroll,
If ya don't know right know, doggy-dog is a freak,freak,freak!
I keep a bandage with me seven days of the week, week, week!
And all that we ever do is play in the sheets,
Smoke us a cigarette, and go back to sleep, sleep, sleep, so we can get a!
Sensual seduction-duction
Sensual seduction-duction ooh whoa! ooh whoa!
Sensual seduction-duction duction
Sensual seduction-duction ooh whoa!
I was all in the club sipping some jin smoking on a benadrome when I
Peeped this little hoe out, I was all in a bum and drifter, shorty then
Came, then she hit the floor know, with a see through dress long hair
Light broen eyes looking like ms. O.P, and a nigga know if I take her
Home with them wide ass hips and you damn right I'm gonna be, so
Hot-uh!
Goes the chick with the real pretty face, big ass booty and ity-bity
Waist I whispered in her ear little mama what you drink? I know you a
Freak, but you know I ain't gonna say shit, see my game is
Outrageous, I got it tippin crippin exchange and fuck faces, but it
Ain't no use to rush the bus
Cause I wouldn't want to have her to rush!
Sensual seduction-duction
Sensual seduction-duction ooh whoa! ooh whoa!
Sensual seduction-duction duction
Sensual seduction-duction ooh whoa
Six million ways to die, choose one
It's time to escape, but I don't know where the fuck i'm headed
Up or down, right or left, life or death
I see myself in a mist of smoke
Death becomes any nigga that takes me for a joke
We hit a five dollar stick, now we puttin in work
Unaccountable amounts of dirt, death becomes all niggaz
anybody killa, you know what the deal is
Nigga, you know what the real is
I see some mark brand niggaz on the corner flaggin me down
Sayin, "Yo Daz, what's up with the Pound?
Is that nigga snoop alright? Aiyyo what's up with the crew?
Is them niggaz in jail, or are them niggaz through?"
i said, if you ain't up on thangs
Snoop Dogg is the name, Dogg Pound's the game
It's like this they don't understand
It's an everyday thang, to gangbang
Make that twist, don't be a bitch, let these niggaz know
What's up with you I represent the Pound and Death Row
And can't no other motherfucker in L.A. or Long Beach
and Compton, and Watts, see D-O-G's
Now, you can't come and you can't run, and you can't
see long to the G of the gang
One gun is all that we need, to put you to rest
Pump pump, put 2 slugs dead in your chest
Now you dead then a motherfucker, creepin and sleepin
6 feet deep in, fuckin with the Pound is
Suicide, it's a suicide
The cloud becomes black, and the sky becomes blue
Now you in the midst of the Dogg Pound crew
Ain't no clue, on why the fuck we do what we do
Leave you in a state of paranoia, oooh
Don't make a move for your gat so soon cuz
I drops bombs like Platoon (ay nigga)
Walk with me, hold my hand and let me lead you
I'll take you on a journey, and I promise I won't leave you
(I won't leave you) until you get the full comprehension
And when you do, that's when the mission
or survival, becomes your every thought
Keep your eyes open, cuz you don't wanna be caught
Half steppin with your weapon on safety
Now break yourself motherfucker 'fore you make me
take this 211 to another level
I come up with your ends, you go down with the devil
Now roam through the depths of hell
Where the rest your buster ass homeboys dwell
Well...
Suicide, it's a suicide
Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name
Serial killa, serial killa, serial killa
(Wake up in the morning, to Lucky Charms cereal)
Deep, deep like the mind of Minolta, now picture this!
Let's picnic inside a morgue
Not pic-a-nic baskets, pic-a-nic caskets
And I got the machine, that cracks your fuckin chest plates
open and release them guts
Then I release def cuts
Brutal, jagged edged, totally ruffneck
Now everybody scream nuff respect to the X
Nuff respect given
Disrespect and you will not be livin
Word to momma, Emma, drama, dilemma
Suicide, it's a suicide
Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name
Serial killa, serial killa, serial killa
(Wake up in the morning, to Lucky Charms cereal)
Real nigga shit..
Now I'm bout to show you how the West coast rock
Real nigga shit
Now I'm bout to show you how the West coast rock
Real nigga shit..
Here come The Villain again, grab your hoe and get the fuck outta town
This nigga shit make the world go round
It's that black nigga Ren, duck when I bust
Make Jada get on these nuts, make Will, love to cuss
You wanna fuck with us? Man, I wouldn't do it
Ask this nigga here, his ass, we ran right through it
You out actin like yo' shit be tight
Get some shit, fuck it off like Tamika Wright
Get the fuck out my site, I Ren-incarnate
Droppin West coast shit in every motherfuckin state
Motherfuckin legend, y'all niggaz be knowin
You can leave yo' bitch and keep on goin
I am Doggy Dogg bitch (beitch) love to hit a switch
Never hit a bitch (beitch) love that gangsta shit
Can I hear your flow? Can I fuck yo' hoe?
Boy you hard on 'em - nigga you ain't know?
When you testify, you got to keep it fly
A lot of niggaz lie, shit we do or die
E'ryday we high, it's like a nine to five
I got my nina my fo'-heata beata by my side
I keep it tucked close when I'm on the West coast (West coast)
I keep it on post when I'm with my East coast folks locs (East coast)
Y'all know what's crack-a-lackin
I'm from the hood of the drivebys and kidnappings, and car-jackings
Me and Snoop Dogg on the hog
On our way to the mall, fuck alla y'all
We gon' ball til we fall, watch the chrome crawl
Intercept these fine bitches cause we want 'em all
Droppin drawers, poppin coochie and lickin balls
Only gangsta ass nigga follow nigga laws
Only gangsta ass bitches get to run the hogs
Only real ass niggaz get to set it off
Now, the way I gets off in that ass it's a sin to not assassin
Grab a microphone have flashbacks and start flashin, ahh
I'm bound to toast ya
String you up like you was on the Ponderosa
Sip on Mimosa do it that way cause I'm supposed ta
Now most of ya, don't measure up
I'll make it hot and turn the pressure up
Steamin, regular, nah supreme and I ain't gassed
I blow an MC away like Fox(?) when I pass
Ain't nuttin shitty about this here fuck around and that's that ass
Just like, grass I, I want more Green than the Goblin
Matter of fact I want more Bank than that chick that be modelin (UHH!)
My uzi weighs more than a single ton
I leave you single son, who wanna mingle not a single one
Hah, now tell me what you figure, nigga
Rob load up the show slow flow spitter
The hard hitter (UHH) the R nigga, roll
I break it down sweet then I bring it back slow
Nigga that was dumb diggy diggy dumb dumb
Here them niggaz come kiddy kiddy come come
I think a nigga sprung spriggy spriggy sprung sprung
Probably why he done diggy diggy done done
Yo' lady think I'm cute, I be knockin her boots
When she's away from home, she be swallowin juice
You thinkin that's yo' son, but he ain't lookin like you
See the barrel of a gun, nigga whatcha gon' do?
Set it off
Niggaz pop mo' shit while we drop mo' shit
Continously, nigga nigga please
Slang yo' ki's, birdies and trees
You can catch me and my niggaz, overseas
Shootin the breeze, with a cute Vietnamese
or was she Lebonese? I think she Chinese
It really don't matter cause they all on they knees
It's somethin bout these motherfuckin West coast G's
Make that cheese, when the cops come you bet' not freeze
Blast on 'em like the Genovese, they yo' enemies
Lock you up and fuck you up
Talk shit to you beat you down then cuff you up
and leave you in a cell stuffed (damn!)
I ain't got no money for bail, that's real as fuck (f'real)
Tryin to get a meal ticket and kick it
Chill, catch a plane to Spain or maybe Brazil
on the real can you feel me?
Yeah, yeah, set it off
It's Kurupt Young Gotti
Doin it big, for all y'all suckers
We set it off, Snoop Dogg!
It's "Tha Last Meal"
Last time y'all suckers gon' eat off my big homeboy
We set it off!
We set it off! West coast
(Sets Up!) Chest out
In and out, in and out
Lift your arm, lift your arm
In a circle, in a circle
Swang out, hang out, bang out
Show these motherfuckers right where you from
Coolest of the cool, I'm the god damn man
Heater so hot need a god damn fan
Everybody want gangsta, suckas don't live it
til' they talkin' through that glass like 'see you in a minute'
That's not the Bigg Bo$$ Dogg
I've been in it since a youngin', I'm a Eastside hogg
21st Street ridin', Rollin' with my partners
Hat to the back in a rag spillin' vodka
Stompin' through the city in my big blue Chuck's
Lil' homies on the corner not givin' a fuck
So I chunked up the set like what's happenin' with you
Shit I just do what I do, I'm just stackin' it too
Is what he said to a loc as I dipped on out
Or as we say on the Eastside, you Cripped on out
See the sunshine and palm trees, livin' it up
Don't forget the block boys givin' it up
Where you from loc?
(Sets Up!) Chest out
In and out, in and out
Lift your arm, lift your arm
In a circle, in a circle
Swang out, hang out, bang out
Show these motherfuckers right where you from
Show me where you're from
Show me where you're from
Show me where you're from
Show me where you're from
For the rules of the game, represent your shit
Flag around the steering collar makin 'em sick
Shoot, the L.B. made me, gangbang for real
If ya made it through the '80s I'm a product of the shady
Snoop D-O-doub', it's what I does
I'm worldwide love, the homies is like cuz
Stuck to the script and kept claimin' the team
They love it when I chunk it on the TV screen
Like a, Bo$$ would do, how the fuck could you
deny my gangsta, haters in my rearview
All around the world they respectin' a G
Overseas they respectin' the C, that's on me
I did it like I did it mayne
Uh, if you ain't did it you ain't did a thang
Uh, you come through you better holler at me
You need beats you better holler at P
Now put your sets up
(Sets Up!) Chest out
In and out, in and out
Lift your arm, lift your arm
In a circle, in a circle
Swang out, hang out, bang out
Show these motherfuckers right where you from
Show me where you're from
Show me where you're from
Show me where you're from
Show me where you're from
I'm gonna take my time
She gonna get hers before I
I'm gonna take it slow
I'm not gonna rush the stroke
So she can get a
Sexual eruption
So I can get a
Sexual eruption
So we can get a
Sexual eruption
Sexual eruption
Whoa
Whoa
She might be with him
But she's thinkin' 'bout
Me
Me
Me
We don't go to the malls
We don't go out to
Eat
Eat
Eat
All that we ever do
Is play in the
Sheets
Sheets
Sheets
Smoke us a cigarette
Then go back to Sleep
Sleep
Sleep
Cause we done got a
Sexual eruption
Sexual eruption
Whoa
Sexual eruption
Sexual eruption
Whoa
Whoa
If you don't know by now
Doggy Dogg is a freak
Freak
Freak
I keep a bad bitch with me
Seven days out the week
Week
Week
And all that we ever do
Is play in the sheets
Sheets
Sheets
Then smoke us a cigarette
Then go back to sleep
Sleep
Sleep
I was all on the
Club, sippin' some Hen, smokin' on a blunt of dro
When I peeped this little hoe out
I was all on the
Bar, wind drift up
Shawty Redd came on
Then she hit the floor now
With a see-through
Dress, long hair, light brown eyes
Lookin' like Ms. Bo Peep
And a nigga know
If I take her home, with them wide ass hips
You damn right, I'm gonna beep
So I a-
Proached the chick with the real pretty face
Big ass booty with a little bitty waist
I whispered in her ear, "Lil' mama, what you drink?"
I know that you a freak, but you know I ain't gonna say shit
See, my game is outrageous
I got her to the crib and exchanged some fuck faces
But it wasn't no use for me to bust one
Cause I wanted her to have an eruption
Sexual eruption (A sexual eruption)
Sexual eruption
Orgasms
Sexual eruption
Sexual eruption
Whoa
Whoa
Sexual eruption
All the time, anytime
Sexual eruption
Whoa
Sexual eruption
I'm not sure what I see
Cupid don't fuck wit me!
Are you telling me this is a sign?
She's looking in my eyes, now I see no other guys
Are you telling me this is a sign? (OHHH!!!)
Don't think about it, boy leave her alone
(Ooh wee!!) Nigga you ain't no G!
She likes my tone, my colone and the way I roll, you ain't no G!
It's legit, you know it's a hit
When The Neptunes and the Doggy Dogg fin to spit
You know he's in - tune with the season
Come here baby, tell me why you leaving?
Tell me if it's weed that you needing
You wanna breathe? I got the best weed minus seeds
Ain't nobody tripping VIP they can't get in
If something go wrong then you know we get to Cripping
I'm not sure what I see
You better don't fuck wit me!
Are you telling me this is a sign?
She's looking in my eyes, now I see no other guys
Are you telling me this is a sign?
Don't think about it, boy leave her alone
(Oh ohhh!! yeah!) Nigga you ain't no G!
She likes my tone, my colone and the way I roll, you ain't no G!
Now you stepping wit a G, from Los Angeles
Where helicopters got cameras, just to get a glimpse of our Chucks
And our Khakis and our bouncer cars
You wit you friend right? (yeah)
She ain't trying to bring over no men right? (no)
Shiieet, she ain't gotta be in the distance
She could get high all in an instant
I'm not sure what I see
You better don't fuck wit me!
Are you telling me this is a sign?
She's looking in my eyes, now I see no other guys
Are you telling me this is a sign?
Don't think about it, boy leave her alone
(Oh ohhh!! yeah!) Nigga you ain't no G!
She likes my tone, my colone and the way I roll, you ain't no G!
Mami, mamasita, have you ever - flown on G5s
From London - to Ibiza. You gotta have Cape Town
You'll have Sunday's with chiquitas
You'll see Venus and Serena, in the Wimbledon Arena
And I can take you (Uncle Charlie, preach!!)
Nigga don't be young and foolish
You don't know what you're doing
You don't know what you've lost until she's gone (gone)
And her pretty face, drove you wild
But you ain't got that Snoop Doggy Dogg Style
I'm not sure what I see
Cupid don't fuck wit me!
Are you telling me this is a sign?
She's looking in my eyes, now I see no other guys
Are you telling me this is a sign? (OHHH!!!)
Don't think about it, boy leave her alone
(Ooh wee!!) Nigga you ain't no G!
She likes my tone, my colone and the way I roll (hey!) you ain't no G!
(Ooh wee!!) You ain't no G! (oh oh ohh! .. Ooh wee!!)
Yeah yeah yeah, make some motherfuckin noise
Yo Doggy Dogg you're on, live on stage
Performin tonight, excuse me Doggy Dogg you're on
YOU KNOW! The one and only
Don Corleone, the big homey y'know me
Well if it's on I guess it's bout time
Let me slide into this OG rhyme
I do mine the way I do mine
and I takes my time when I'm droppin my lines
I look around, I spot MC's (and they)
all in the place (and they) all wannabe's
Tryin ta make their paper, tryin to do their thang
but to me they all tryin to say the same thang
How could you rap over *?be said what?*
You ain't reachin the crowd, you ain't makin your fact
You ain't droppin lines that hit the top
You can't make the party go hip-hop
abd you can't do your thing without usin mine
We get and steal, I see you're on the grind
but I'ma take my time to get my point across
and if you get caught up in the rap shit then got lost
and if you get tossed it's on your own, it's your own fault
See I gots ta get mine, I don't try no song
I just move on, groove on, try to prove on
then I do mines to do mines and I'ma keep on, keep on, keep on
to get'cha you in a...smooth type of atmosphere
Sit back and pay attention yeah
You ain't never heard it like that
Uhh, is that right? That's right black
but uhh,
Sixx minutes (sixx minutes), sixx minutes (sixx minutes)
Sixx minutes Doggy Dogg you're on
Uh uh on, uh uh on
Excuse me Doggy Dogg you're on
I gets my hair whipped on Friday, my day, why they
even trippin on me? Yeah the big homey
Gamey Gamey says "Snoop Corleone
listen to me man, stay away from them phoneys
It's niggas like that that get you caught up quick
You gots ta stay focussed Dogg, keep your eye on your grip
cos if you slip they gon' get'cha and they gon' get'cha fast
These niggas out for your money man, they tryin to get your cash"
I don't give a damn, you gots ta match
You can be from the East Coast and get love cos I ain't trippin on your ass
I don't smash on niggas who are smaller than me
I smash on niggas who big like the DPGC
Ooohwee, I get'cha crazy
You gots ta have a stomach for this shit, ba-by
And if ya don't you won't, you fake the funk
See Snoop is the G in the G-Funk
Now don't do nothin that you can't get out of me
Uh uh, you know I got big love for the real G's
We make mo' G's, I gots ta have it
I got the, I got the, I got the paper
I keep ya, I keep ya, I keep ya cryin
I thought ya, I thought ya knew my nigga
Ya better, ya better ask somebody (Better ask somebody)
Uh, it don't quit
Now let me take my time and just get into the shit
I'm just driftin, so swift and smooth
How many niggas make the whole party move like I do?
I can't name nobody
so sit back relax and let the Dogg rock the party
Ain't no party like a DP party
cos everybody in the DP party's naughty
They acts a fool, old school, new school
Everything is everything, everybody playin cool
Ain't no set trippin, everybody just dippin
Bitches gettin with niggas and niggas gettin bitches
It's all superb, word to my momma
Ain't no drama, no need for that
You can put your gat back in your pocket
unlock it cos Snoop Dogg is on the mic, I plan to rock it
Don't stop, (excuse me Doggy Dogg you're on)
Slow down cause I can't take the heat, slow down
(Slow down baby, slow down baby)
It's wicked in these streets
Slow down, cause I can't take the heat, slow down
(Ohhhhhhhhh, slow down)
It's wicked in these streets
Life ain't nothing but a big old twist
A lot of times when I'm smoking
I'm doing that just to reminisce
It's funny, on how shit be
A lot of money, make y'all wanna come get me
But look here, I work hard for all the things I got
And to hang with a nigga's just an intricate plot
You smoke my weed, you try to bang my hoes
And talk bad about a nigga, behind closed doors
But look here dog, a hoe once told me loc
Bite the hand that feeds you, and you'll wind up broke
Bitch niggas don't deserve to kick it with rich niggas
Nigga we seven figure niggas
And we bigger than the biggest hip hop niggas in rap
And when we get to spittin' make sure y'all step back
You with that? Cause if you ain't clown,
We from the D-O double G, we groupie true, and slow down
Slow down (slow down now) cause I can't take the heat, slow down
(I can't take the heat, I can't take the heat)
It's wicked in these streets
Slow down, cause I can't take the heat, slow down
(Ohhhhhhhhhh, slow down)
It's wicked in these streets
Ayyo Snoop (I used to)
I used to cook up dope, ride with niggas
Know about the hits, hang with killas
Take the broads down for the jailhouse visits
Keep my bed warm with a cutthroat nigga
Have the card parties where the stakes was high
Go shopping hit the club and then ???
Never had a day without no drama
Half the OG's age, but they call me Mama
Had the ganja overstuffed in the hefty bag
Orange peels to kill the smell slanging with my dad
I never thought about my life I swear y'all, for real
Until my best friend Jill got killed and then I
Dropped to my knees and called to the Lord
Please change my ways cause I'm living too hard
And too foul, how I'm gon' raise a child
When I'm out here buck wild, damn, I had to slow down
Slow down (slow down), cause I can't take the heat, slow down
(Slow down baby)
It's wicked in these streets (Slow down baby)
Slow down, cause I can't take the heat, slow down
(Slow down, slow down)
It's wicked in these streets
Yeah, I slow my roll down to a pimp strut
And started putting all this game on records for my come up
From sun up to sun down, I'm trying to get my money
Hata's ain't gon' stop me cause hatas can't run me
It's funny when a bitch was livin' foul
Every body seemed glad, but now they ?????
Cause I'm flossing, boss ballin' guilt free
And Feds can't take shit from me, so slow down
Snoop:
I got niggas shot niggas drop niggas for fun
I ????? from these shoulders, I don't need no gun
But it's the nineties, and niggas don't bump by the end of the round
The clown bound to dump, young chump
You don't wanna get caught up in my mix
Cause I'm a soldier, blasting at the rollers, bitch
We don't neva eva, talk no shit
Unless we mack that shit up, nigga you get lit
Slow your roll tuck your heat and watch the hatas
Slow down (slow down), cause I can't take the heat, slow down
(I can't take the heat)
It's wicked in these streets (It's wicked in the street)
Slow down, (I can't take the heat no more) cause I can't take the heat
Slow down (I can't take it) it's wicked in these streets
Slow down (slow down) cause I can't take the heat
(Slow down) Slow down
Slow your roll tuck your heat and watch the hatas
Slow down slow down
Slow your roll tuck your heat and watch the hatas
Smoke the weed, everyday
Don't smoke the seeds, no way
Smoke the weed,
Smoke the weed
Sugar generation
Young boys and girls
Be careful of the seeds you show
If you wanna see a strong tree grow
You gotta put them for the future
Show respect don't neglect mother nature
All the pollution in this world
Me just can't stand it
Global warming make the whole world panic
Take care of mother earth 'cause she be the planet
Youth man don't go astray
Fresh trees, young seeds all tryin to find the light
Stretchin out their limbs to the sun, got them right
Help them keep their life will trap
Watch out for life like satellite
Them winds will stop and go like a traffic light
Many obstacles to overcome in the city life
Making sure they stay pure, teach you wrong from right
See brings more spore new line
Smoke the weed, everyday
Don't smoke the seeds, no way
Smoke the weed,
Smoke the weed
Hey are you on your own
16 and with all the money
When did somewhere to go
Stick the peer pockets been dallin
The baba hurt me break bone
Holding my fight to herb me can't stop me
Me solely see babylon can't come step on it
Still we read italic critical santanic
Rude man don't stop chronic, everyday
Roll me the weed oh
Take off you shot then me mix a couple breed off
Can't stun the principle go the seed oh
We no do that if they cheat oh
And me set herb herb what we all prefer
And my juggly top street girl
Honey you done said weed is life
Weed is reality
Smoke the weed, everyday
Don't smoke the seeds, no way
Smoke the weed,
Smoke the weed
Early light papa you damn my supper
Asking my pop off hot like the summer
You can't never understand why we live the life
You would never recognize unless you see the fire in my eyes
I'm burrying the man like every single day
Black birds in the sky can't get off break
The smoke is my gun that's how I blow them away
Music is my weapon rewind it let it play
That they line the police sun set all day
They call me Snoop Lion I smoke everyday
Look granded they see
Watch them grow a new breed
Cultivating these streets
Recycle, care zone
And then we know they know and don't stop
The tic tac couple universal globe
The bang bang baby the love stream boomie
Throw back away procreate
Smoke the weed, everyday
Don't smoke the seeds, no way
Smoke the weed,
Smoke the weed
Bet you get high but I ain’t smoking with the rest though
Cause if it’s in my joint, believe that it’s the best smoke
I’m talking OG kush from the West Coast
Watch how you hit it, just one hit will burn your chest, though
Cut those cameras on cause my camera’s on
And my niggas backin me riding around town
With a big old bag of weed
Taylor Gang, we ain’t in your faculty
Me and Snoop Dogg, we created a masterpiece
Smoke all day and we makin this cash, and we
Bout it bout it like Master P
Go hard, stack ya cheese, roll a joint, pass the trees
TGOD, he’s the OG, real G shit what it has to be
My real niggas gon pop tags for me
Fake niggas gon get bags for me
Say you just wanna shake hands with me?
Same fuck niggas used to laugh at me
Now I’m riding around town in the car that you can’t even pronounce
And you can’t go fast as me
Smokin marijuana, and she know that I’m a player
So she wanna come up here spend that cash on me
That pimp shit come naturally
That fuck shit is wack to me
My kush grown organically
My ballin is actually
Bet you get high but I ain’t smoking with the rest though
Cause if it’s in my joint, believe that it’s the best smoke
I’m talking OG kush from the West Coast
Watch how you hit it, just one hit will burn your chest, though
You like to smoke but you ain’t smokin what we smokin, no
You like to smoke but you ain’t smokin what we smokin, no
Let me turn you on to turn you out
To make you feel how you really wanna feel
For real, sho will, nigga I got that kill
You know what I got: Captain Crunch, soda pop
Like my kush cut from a bush
Mix it together, get it together
Hypo grow with the hydro flow
Smoking on some shit called I don’t know
This is that shit that was caught
From my niggas on the block with a .44 Glock – oh no!
Cuttin it up, button it up
Homie don’t speak at all
You might stay, you might be most likely like shark bait
I might hate, but you smoking that lightweight
Wrong class, featherweight, levitate
Set it straight: let me break it down for you
Flip it, zip it, let it fly
If it’s good, it’s gonna get you high
Drop it, stop it, that ain’t the one
We don’t even smoke that shit for fun!
Yea nigga, I’m rolling up that high-grade
Chillin on the porch, smoking like it’s Friday
Every day of the week to Juicy J’s a high day
Niggas think I’m Chinese cause my eyes straight
I threw up a 6 into a 20 ounce
Smoked a half ounce of kush, felt like 20 ounces
Fucked around that Bob Marley now I’m high as fuck
Every Jacob seeing, Juicy screamin out: "let’s fuck!"
I done popped a pill and hit the lean behind it
Where my mind? Somebody help me find it
Got a black and white bitch, they my mixed bitch
They keep my double cup full, OG in my Swisher
Once upon a time, in the L.B.C.
On the Eastside, off of 2-1 Street
There lived a young man, Cinderfella's his name
To make it interesting it's me, peep game
I lived in a house with my cruel step-dad
And two step-brothers who treated me bad
I cooked, I cleaned, I scrubbed the floors
And I was like an errand boy runnin to the stores
My brothers, they used to boast and brag:
"We've got Fubu, and you've got rags!"
And even worse than that, to make me feel low
They gave me a skateboard, while they had low-lows
Girls used to say, "Snoop, you're so cute
But you gets no rap with that to' up khaki suit"
Welllll, one day, up the Avenue
There was a man, surrounded by the Dogg Pound crew
He said ah, "Hear ye! Hear ye! Come one, come all!
The princess is having a royal ball
If you can rap, also dress fresh
You might win a date with the sweet princess"
Well I, um, ran home when I heard the newsflash
I bust through the door, straight to my step-dad
I said, "Step-dad, may I?"
And before I could finish, "Hell no!", he replied (Cinderfella!)
My brothers were goin, they were gettin down
Even Pops was goin for a piece of the crown (Cinderfella!)
They flaunted, they haunted, they knew what I wanted
"We can and you can't," is what they taunted (nana-nana-nah-nah)
They all stood there, laughin in my face
And as they walked out they said, "Clean up this place!"
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
Well I shrugged, I hissed, they all tried to diss
And I'd get them back if I had one wish
Before I could make my thought a phrase
There appeared a man from a puff of haze
He said, "What's up, Dogg? My name is Herb
I'm your fairy Doggfather, you know it, word!
Now I've came here with the main purpose
Of granting you your fondest wish"
I said, "Herb, my man, just make me fresh
And I'm sure that I can handle, all the rest"
With a snap of his fingers sparks began to shoot
And I was jumpin in my body: a slick silk suit
On my feet was some white tube socks
And a fresh pair of Chucks from the Foot-lock
I showed him my sack, and don't you know
With a snap, the sack became some doe-doe
Once again his hands began to flow
Then he changed my skateboard into a six-fo' (damn!)
He checked me over, passed me the keys
And said, "One more thing before you leave...
You must return before the stroke of twelve
Or you'll turn back into your old self"
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
I jumped in the low-low and went on my way
I got to the party 'bout ten, I'd say
It was after eleven when I rocked the mic
And by the time I left the stage, the people were hyped (well alright!)
The princess was starin, while holdin a drank
Reflected from her eyes was gold tank
She waved her hands like, "Hello!  Hi!"
Then gave another gesture like, "Come here, guy!"
I left the stage, girls came in flocks
The bitch was swingin from the hard knocks
I heard a sound, not a tick nor tock
Gong! First bell before twelve o'clock
No time to waste, I broke out in haste
The princess followed in a futile chase
A quick steady pace is what I kept
Lost one of my Chucks on one of those steps
For the six-fo' I continued my stride
About this time I heard gong five
I was down the block when I heard gong eight
And the princess screamed out, "Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!"
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
I was almost home when my luck ran out
And there went my suit, my doe sack and clout
My fresh low-low, also went too
And there was no denyin that my night was through
The one All-Star, the freshest thing I sported
Jumped on my board, for home I skateboarded
Made it to my pad, no time at all
Went to my room, or better yet the far wall
Hid the shoe away, still feelin pleased
Then jumped in my cot to catch some Z's
Early the next mornin, when I awoke
I threw on me old slippers with me old housecoat
Slid into the front, my family stared at me
Sayin, "Wasn't that you?  Nah, it couldn't be"
They kept askin me if I did my chores
My butt was saved by a knock at the door
"Who is it?", that's what my brothers barked
"The princess," this sweet voice remarked
She said she was lookin for a certain man
Who could bring her the shoe like the one in her hand
The family ran around with their heads in the air
Bringin her shoes from everywhere
She just shook her head, a nod of relief
And said, "No, that's not the one that I'm lookin' for, Chief"
I ran in the room and got my shoe
And said, "Is this the one you're referring to?"
Well she said, "Yes, and you're so cute
But where's your doe-doe and slick silk suit?"
I put on the shoe, then there came a flash of light
And I was wearin shit, from just last night
Looked out the window, saw the six-fo'
Yelled to my family, "I've GOT to go!"
We drove up the Avenue, the princess and I
And in back of me, I heard my family cry...
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
And I'm the rapper Doggy Dogg you love
(Cinderfella Doggy Dogg!)
Ain't no funk, it's funky, it's Doggystyle (Ain't it funky nuff?)
(Death Row-ow, Death Rowwwww)
(Everybody knows I got more bounce than an ounce)
Shucks, stompin in my big blue chucks
More bounce to the ounce while I'm ditchin you clutz
Bump-bump-bump-bump while you're bumpin your sounds
It's the zoo and the Pound we don't fuck around
Relax your mind and let your conscience be free
and get down, stompin grounds is the LBC
I slid up out the game and MC's get wacked
but now I'm back (Oh shit!), so go get your strap
Watch your head, I break wit
wit G's, Muslims, hardheads and dreds
Bounce, rock while rollerskatin
on them 20 inch tyres wit the platinum Daytons
I'm not that BG poppin all that junk
about "I'll fuck you up", he sound like a punk
I been there and done that, no inspiration
All day illustration beat conversation
I keep niggas in the studio, word is bond
Been workin on ya new album for two years strong
and still can't come up with the right song
You know what they say:'Study long, study long'
All aboard the train so come along
cos we keep the glue stuff against the bone
It's alright ain't no room for wrong
Doggyland is the motherland, make yourself at home
I got money loads by the barrels
I even got a few fans that's crazy like DeNiro
I'm international money maker, player hater
shhok up off the sake of spendin dollars and I always holler
at a player though cos players know the real from the fake
You can put that on your toast, your coast and your state
I give you people what you like
What I look like in jail and can't get on the mic
Killin up crews, give em the real street blues
Have em slidin in their eelskins, groovin in their tennis shoes
Of course it don't stop bein a Westside ridah
Wit no tattoo that's how they got the clue
I lay conversation on wax and CD's
BG's and o-riginals, here come the mission
Makin biters ride the Pound for the rest of the season
Doggy DPG ya lil homey, uhh
I represent the LBC-ment
Windows tint, nigga that's the president
I hit you with a tune every blue moon
Collard on your plate so you can stuff it in your face
Nigga say your Grace before you touch your plate
It taste like it's laced but it ain't
This one puff uncut, no doubt
Everybody know I gotta ounce and a half
Shucks
(Oooh ooh ooohhh oooohhhh ooh, oooh oooh oooohhhh ooh)
(Death Rowwww, Death Rowwww)
Yeah! You know how we do
A lil' something for the non-believers
For the underachievers
Ya'll know what time it is
Big Snoop Dogg up in this motherfucka one time
I want ya'll to sing this shit wit me
It go like this, check it out.
Snoop D.O. Double G, the way you rip so love-ely
It sound so visciously
When the thump in the trunk go, bump, bump, bump
Everybody put your hands to the motherfucking center
Baby girl go on an' pull ya weave back, D-O-G, oh yeah, he back
And I'm steppin' out the all-blue Lee-zac
Word on the streets, yeah nigga, I got the feedback
I don't trip off, I get the tip off
Befo' it rip off, yeah homie, I'm the Biz-oss
I got them finger-lickin' chickens wit the siz-auce
And one of my hoes known to cut ya dick off
Leave ya stuck in the land of the liz-ost
I'm back at the mayn-sion, cold as the friz-ost
Sittin' on ten acres, dawg, wit a kiz-ost
A whole lot to you, but a lil' nothing to me
That's what you get, for fuckin' wit me
Ain't that right, Sha Money from the D-P-C
G-Unit!
You know I'm down with them boys
I clown wit them boys
Don't fuck around wit them boys, 'cause they down wit the
STOP! Wait! Now let me give it to ya
This is the proper hip-hopper, it get into ya
I know you liking it, loving it, or you feelin' it
D.O. Double Gizzel, oh yeah, Cuh/Cuzz be killin' it
Who the only nigga that you can call on?
When ya favorite rapper fall off, the Big Dogg, fall on
10, 11, 12, or was it 13?
How many years a nigga been in the game, and I'm still so clean
I'm flippin' up the game and shit
I maintain my thang wit this
And I, never hesitate to bang a bitch
I'm having millions, and I'm still banging Crip
Um, um, wouldn't you believe it?
Even after achievin', got a deal wit the heathens
But, as long as I'm breathing
I'ma keep walking like Jesus
My name is
"Whatchu gone next, how you gone say it
When yo album come out dawg, I can't wait to play it
Tell the truth, my nigga, I love all ya work"
Well, from me to you low, welcome to the Church
Mi casa, su casa
So, get ya drank on and smoke on nigga, go on an' boss up
You can holla at baby, it's ok to me
Then I love it when them motherfuckers say to me
Yeah! Sha Money, representin' G-Unit, good lookin' my nigga
As usual, it's a DPG-Unit connection
You know how we do it
A lil' something for the non-believers
For the underachievers
Snoop D.O. Double G
S-N-double-O-P D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
Me and my partner, in my impala
Poppin' on collars, tossing up dollars
A truck on the side of us but who wanna follow
Bet a hundred dollars that they all wanna swallow
Doggy Doggfather
I do it to you real hard then it gets hot, it's nada
Thang on mine, bang on mine
I smoke an ounce and bounce at the same time
It's off the limbo with Timbo, you motherfucking bimbo
So quit knocking at my window, you nympho
Maniac, bring it back, now shake it up
Put it on the table, now break it up
Give it to me, now put a lighter on the end of it
It really don't matter what you spent on it
As long as you're gettin what you paid for
That's what it's made for, ain't that what you stayed for?
Who's that dippin' in the Cadillac?
Snoop Dogg
Smoke till your eyes get cataracts
Snoop Dogg
Who got a girl laying on her back
Snoop Dogg
Millionaire, making that paper stack
Snoop Dogg
You play me and I'll play you
You pay me and I'll pay you
Hold on boo, you got the game all wrong
This ain't your thang, this my song
Move on, we in the club, at the Shark Bar
Valet my keys, and park my car
No snap shots, cause I might get popped
As I slide by security, giving 'em props
First thing I do, when I get in
Let me take you back to when I first slid in
Grab my gin and, get my woman, put my bib in, no bullshittin
We be sippin, in the corner
With smoke comin' from up under us like we sittin in the sauna
Burnin' up the charts, break a bitch off hard
Little mama don't you start
S-N-double-O-P D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
D-O-double-giz-ee
Tick tock, the ice on my watch
Slap me 'cross the face around 2 o'clock
But the party don't stop till we blow up
Now every little nigga wanna show up
Manuev'in to this, grooving to this
Dippin to this, flippin to this, trippin to this
Ain't no skippin to this, trust this
Bust this, it's too hot to touch this
He say, she say, I say no way
Don't need foreplay, OK, obey
Everything that I say
And every day'll be like a holiday
I put you in the front seat of my car
And roll you round town like a superstar
Recline your seat and turn up the beat
Number one with a bullet, rolling down the motherfucking backstreets
I think it's bout' time that we hit these n***as upside
the head with some of that west coast
gangsta' sh.........  Ooh.....Wee!!!!!!!!!!
It's a whole 'nother day
I'm back up in ya'
Snoop D-O-Double G
I representa'
Been away for a while but you all know
I'm still doggystylin' on Death Row
Got shit locked down
Sewed up
So If you plan on comin' out nigga hold up.
This a stick up
dick up
They got yo' shit on the shelf, oh mine is too
and guess who they gon' pick up?
Some niggas think they know they shit
But they don't
Some M-A's escape
Some won't
Bumpin' heads with niggas
Where you from?
East Side Long Beach, nigga, 2-1
The homie just got paroled
And he got more stories than the highway patrol
Tellin' me about the money Suge Knight stole
But I'll make that shit late
Cause nigga I get swole
Niggas tryin' to get in, to get out.
Put me up on game tellin' me who gon' jack me
But ever since
I was a puppy
till I was paroled
I never had no other dog pullin' on my chrome.
Say Snoop's upside yo' head,
say Snoop's upside yo' head.
Niggas in the game be doin' way too much
Akin' tough with this east-west coast stuff.
See Me
I'm all about my money mane
I stay fly and dry
I don't get caught up in the rain
Cuz game recognize game
No matter where you from
We all can get dumb, insane and
turn the party out
without a doubt
Unless
you them niggas who ain't got no clout
LBC and B what?
Uh, my crew
Cuz uh, we out there smokin' on the krazy glue
Upside yo' head like oops
Snoop's
The shit, that you hear them bumpin' in the hoops.
Can't afford it
homeboy
This is finished
I represented
From V-A to Venice
So when it's timid
And cold outside
Rely on the Doggy Dogg
To put the heat in yo' life
It takes a whole lot
to be number one
I can't walk down the street
without my gun
I can't trust these niggas fool
It ain't no fun
I'm sittin' up in court
Cuz somebody got dumped
What really counts is how the crowd bounce
Go home and say
Snoop rocked the parte`
Nobody got kilt
It's what got annouced
I guess they got a chance to see Dr. Bombay
But I keep my heat in case niggas get cold
Warm you up with the sheet
Zip you up and roll
Now Doggystyle records is now official
Gettin' money at the Pliz-ate with my initials
Shippin' weapons overseas
I'm makin' G's
What who you make call enemies
But I
See nothing funny about
makin' money
Cuz uh
We all know it don't grow on trees
So I
Gotta' get what I gotta' get when I can
Up homie in the mo'ning wit' the gat van
Burning rubber down to get a new car
So don't get jealous when you see me in the
double R.
From the hood, to the valley, from yards, to the alleys
"Wonderland" in demand and the man is "Malice"
O.G.'s blow trees, gold keys to the palace
Gangbang on 'caine maintain for the challenge
and shank ya, bank ya, levitate ya, spray ya
Butch (Cassidy!) Come with some gangster flavor
On my block, I handle my deep business every day
I hustle, on the streets I do it the old fashioned way
I roll out, with some girls that's from the hood
They love me, that's understood
And we burn trees that's so good, damn, we, should
Daily, I stay G'd up with my khakis and my 'gars
Burn, then I pick up my two dogs and bend the curb
That's gangsta, gotta grab a fresh  bud
Now I bend it up like a thug
And my Chrysler on two dubs, plus, G'd, up
I keep it gangsta fo' sho', because it's all that I know
The only way that I roll, the only way that I'll go I'm so
SO gangsta, I'm so, SO gangsta
So gangsta - SO gangsta, we are, I'm sooooooo
SO gangsta, so gangsta, SO gangsta
So gangsta, SO gangsta, bye bye
Itchy gitchy ga ga, the shit that get you hotter
So you won't have to bother or come back yeah baby father
Best save for dada, unbutton your collar
Mix the shit yup it's "Tha Doggfather"
Six-deuce Impala, hip-hop to holler
Chipped blocked and locked, hits with rottweilers
Stand out, and van out the week
I bang out, and hang out the streets
Push the line of a capo, a don
Whick-whack niggaz did black folks so wrong
Peep that out
Eastside Long Beach, grip that out
Two times on mine; see I'm a vet on the set
Steppin my step, where my weapon is kept
C-rag in my pocket yeah it's still on my left
I'ma smoke 'til my motherfuckin last breath
I'm so gangsta
Are you gangster? They all know
Hot doe, breaks down do's and kill at shows
Wanksta - never though
Let it go, call up hoes, I got the indo
Boooooom, watch the intellect lose her fear
Street shit they can't come near
Let 'em all know that I'm here, no more fears
So long we’ve been on this journey
And I know we can make it
Stay strong our hearts been yearning
And no one can break it
Round and round our road keeps turning
No one can stop the time
It’s just another bridge we’re crossing
Keep this message in your souls and minds
They try to break a bond
But what they didn’t know
That we were built so strong
Ye they didn’t know
But in their hearts and minds
We were gone
Said we were an old show
Baby don’t you cry
For as long as I’m alive, you live
So long we’ve been on this journey
And I know we can make it
Stay strong our hearts been yearning
And no one can break it
Round and round our road keeps turning
No one can stop the time
It’s just another bridge we’re crossing
Keep this message in your souls and minds
If I should die tonight
I’d be happy that I knew you
If I should lose my sight
It’s still know all with all my mind
If all the words and fights
Still can’t get it right
Baby don’t you cry
For as long as I’m alive, you live
So long we’ve been on this journey
And I know we can make it
Stay strong our hearts been yearning
And no one can break it
Round and round our road keeps turning
No one can stop the time
It’s just another bridge we’re crossing
Keep this message in your souls and minds
Roll with me
Come smoke with me (Smoke with me)
Come close to me
So low (Come flow with me)
Dance with me
Take a chance with me (This is your chance)
Take a dip with me
Don't go
Oh no, I have a party to attend
With some civilized people, and some more of my friends
I wish I could stick around
But I gotta take a trip back uptown, now
Layin wit'chu, stayin wit'chu
Playin wit'chu, is somethin I ain't gone do
Now look here boo, there's so many freaks up in here
And I done already been there, so I don't really care
Now you can take that, take that
Bitch, I know you hate that, hate that
You can't do nothin about it
You know damn well what I got back at the house
And I refuse to loose, trade in my shoes
Gimme the blues, hand my the booze
Strap on the fools, overabuse or misuse it
So I'm skatin steady, datin on the move to groove
I ain't got nothin to prove infact, I got too much to lose
Girl, you got a nigga way ? and way too cool
But I ain't leavin here wit'chu, for real
Yo, this the single house
We gone disconnect the TV, leave the stereo and move the couch
Everybody get they groove on
I'm sweatin like a rainy day, but I get my groove on
Dip baby dip, fall back a little bit while I hold the hips
Pass me the drink, while you hit this G-13
Pocket holler one time, fashion statement clean
Stacy Adams supe it up, baby girl boot it up
Almost dropped my glass when she lift that damn booty up
Dog walk to the cat walk
I'm ridin that ass like Tony Hawk
There's somethin about the way you blow my mind
Got me wanna boogie all the time
Baby this is what I'm lovin
Forget the last dance just to end up huggin, let's dance
Lil' momma got a gang of ass
Plus that mini-skirt make me think she fast
Passed by and asked if she'd like to dance
Spark a conversation to ignite the flash
Bling bling all gleam, and I'm clean to whip
Saw the proper full crew I'm leavin with
You can act like the mack don't effect your type
Cuz you know a nigga tryin to have sex tonight
Ain't no secret, come freak with the real McCoy
Skip the guilt trip baby and just feel the joy
Make it rugged like you love it, never soft and sweet
Throw ya legs in the air and just start to beat
You can leave your thong on like it's all discrete
But it'll slide to the side when you fall asleep
Is you sho' that you can roll, dip, and smoke with me
Girl cuz I'ma give it to ya like it's 'sposed to be
Come fuck with me
Drink with me
Smoke with me
Yeah, yeah
Loc with me
Drink some Hennesey
Goldie Loc, and Tray Deee
Yeah, yeah
Yeah you tryin to fuck with a nigga huh
I can't even trip though
It might seem like, some shit like, two-two
Beep-beep, haha, two-two
Beep-beep, two-two
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan
You got yo' thang, and I got mine
You see, I can give it to you like all the time
If you, gimme them digits let me holla at you baby
Stop playin games, let's do this damn thang
Cause you the whole thang, with the candles and the ice
and then the champagne, whoot wham bing bing bang bang!
Now, what's love got to do with this?
Cause if you cool with this I'm through with this
Baby is we doin this?
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan
I know when you'll change your mind;
that's when your rent is due (when your rent is due)
and you're many months behind
How's that to treat your friend
with that attitude.. you can leave it all behind
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan
You say that you don't, you say that you won't
I think that you will, cause girl I'm way too real
And every girl need a G, and we see G
I saw you lookin at me, when I was with Warren G
You peepin not speakin and that's freakin me out
It's somethin bout yo bidness baby and it's flippin me out
I really can't understand why it's so easy, for you to tease me
'Fore it's over, you'll be Miss Snoop Deezy
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' be your man
Somethin about yo' business, I really don't understand
But if you keep on teasin me girl, I'm gon' change your plan
It's the way you,
It's the way you make me feel
(Special girl, you're so special, special)
Baby just don't change, you're so real
(so special girl you're so special, special)
Show me that I'm special, tell me boy
Girl you know you are special
I bet you were born in the sky.
Show me that I'm special, tell me boy
Girl, you know you are special, girl
The hottest in my mind
I know you, and you know me
And this is the place that you really wan' be
Let's make it crack-a-lack I make it look easy
Life can be a carnival and I'm a be your reason
Kiss me slowly,
Perform quiet storm til I get you nice-ly
I'm puttin out the blunt cause I see
I see that I need you more in my life
Than I need a bag of weed.
Now I compare you to a bird
When she fly by
I wanna rock you back to sleep
Like beddy-bye-bye.
Bounce in the 'lac
With your hand on my leg
Throw your bags in the back
I'm a show you where it's at
No telling if we might come back
You like that?
I figgerd out a way to catch a flight right back
See I ain't never flown for fees
Come spend a weekend overseas in greece with me
Please believe
You know, if you're through with me
Then I'm through with you
But you're the one who fell in love
And said that love was true
But you ain't never fake on me
And you think that you gon find
Another G like me?
Dem nigga's ain't gon' play
They gon' just hump
They ain't gon do it yo way
I can't hate and say what they gon' do
All I know is that I'm true
And know that you my baby boo
Let's take a chance, Go to France
On a 3 day cruse
Walk with your man in the sand like ooh,
It's our little rondez-vous
Whoopty-whoop
Big snoopy and ooh
I picture this love affair of ours
To last a lifetime just like flowers
Take a quic flick the get dressed
We'll head to Brazil,
I'll show you how it feel
When you're rollin with the real
How it feel?
We can make it, let's just stay together
Come together, don't go
Let's just have some fun and be together
Forever, for life!
Now that we're living our life especial-ly
I say that you're my pick
And every day we'll dress alike and always stay slick
To me, I see you as a gift
Incredible it's edible
My ice cream, have a lick
I catch you when you fall like leaves
And be the one that you need
Come be my number one, please?
See I ain't never blow no cheese
And done no songs like these
I love the air that you breathe
You know why? (Why-Why?)
Yeah
A little something for all the O.G.s out there
That put the foundation together
Was doin' this thang
Before I knew what to do with this thang right here
Ya know
But just to let them know what time it is
And how we get down
Me, Kokane, and Battlecat
Gone let y'all know how we do this thang here
Check this out y'all
We stay on point like Stacey Adams
24 hours a day,7 days a week, can ya dig it?
That's real talk baby
You know what
We stay on point like Stacey Adams
That's real talk right there baby
(Stacey Adams)
I'm in a 3 piece suit
Looking too cute
Mashin' flashin'
Lookin' for a prostitute
Boo boo, you got that loot
I'm watchin' you, you watchin' me
It's all to the gravy cuz it's V.I.P
And everythang in here movin' belong to me
That component set, was given to me
By a pimp buddy of mine Disco D.
He told me, Frisco E.
This here gone be
The baddest pimp nigga that you ever gone see
Colder than Fillmore Slim
Tilt that brim
Snoop Dogg gone sell that trick
Keep it crackin' like pistachios
Get that money
And continue to mash these hoes
And when the Player's Ball roll around again
I'm guaranteed to win
You know why?
Cuz we
We stay on point like Stacey Adams
24 hours a day, 7 days a week
Yea, yea
You know why?
We stay on point like Stacey Adams
You know that's all we know how to do
(Stacey Adams)
Gee'd up to the feet up
Not only that but uhh
Make it spectacular
Put on my black cape
And look like Blackula
Smack ya up with the shit that I drop
911, call the cops
There's a bitch, snitch
Ain't that a bitch
I can't trust nobody in this sonofabitch
I get rich on the fakers who hate
Bakin' my cake
And catch the Lakers at 8
On channel 9
Pop a bottle of wine
Then at 10 hit the club
With my nephew Dub
11:30, talkin' dirty to this little birdy
I'm trying to get mine early
I can't be seen with your girly
Continue to mash these hoes
I keep it crackin' like pistachios
I get the money first
With no rehearsal
Snoop D-O double G
Still controversial
Aahhh
Staxxx in my jeans, Phantom up in my garage
My pockets look like Rerun, your pockets look like Rodg.
It's the same story, a nigga rich,
I'm on some nigga shit, and you're nigga bitch!
You better check 'em, tell 'em I'm off the chain,
I buck and bang, homie that's only game,
Oh I ain't got a problem, you see me get the staxxx,
You see I bought the Phantom, 24's don't come with that,
I've been around the world, check gripping every state,
You bitch don't like me, she fake, so people might call it hate,
But I don't give a damn, a boss's life is how I make that bread,
Toss the mic and I'll still be richer than rich and have you bitch make my bed,
My pockets fat as shit, you niggas mad as shit,
Fuck neither Warner bro's, I'm on some Gladys shit,
Many have tried and failed, shit I'm out on bail,
I make more cheese than your old man and he went to Yale,
Shit I went to jail, you can go to hell,
You got some shit to tell, I got some shit to sell.
I got staxxx in my jeans Phantom up in my garage,
I got staxxx in my jeans Phantom up in my garage,
I got staxxx in my jeans Phantom up in my garage (yeah!)
My pockets look like Rerun, your pockets look like Rodg.
Candy paint dripping, look at all them bags,
I had to show and brag, 'cause being broke's a drag,
I gotta get this paper, my kids they gotta eat!
We got a lot of heat, just case them dollars, cease,
Been out for balling, shot calling and I make that change,
And I don't want the Range, chop that spray on things,
That's how gangsters do it, we get our green and bricks,
We put our green in blunts, you spend your green on chicks,
I'm on some player shit, dynasty straight Lakers shit,
Cook it up on some baker shit, and chop it up on some paper bitch!
I got my mind right, and my money right,
If you ain't in the game for the money, you the funny type,
And I'm laughing my ass off, Phantom with the mask off,
Legal, so they hating when I gas off,
You know how Snoopy does it, Phantom, don't bitch touch it,
One hundred thousand a show, I'm getting dough like fuck!
Look how that flag hanging, gangbanging I ain't no punk,
Maintain till that thing came out the truck, make that (A)K go pop pop pop!
I'm about my bidness boy, making money never been so smooth,
You bitch you're about to lose, 'cause she's about to choose!
And that's the way it goes, S N double O,
You want that quiet type, I want that trouble ho!
Now go get paper girl, yeah, I meant for real,
One time I told a bitch not to come back till she got two thousand dollars in two dollar bills! (Wow!)
That's cold game, a ho thing,
I'm high as Soul Plane, I smoked the whole thing,
You know how daddy do it, I'm true to it,
I take a cocaine, bew it then put some blue to it!
That's some gangster shit, these hoes love this gangster dick,
Khaki's and some gangster kicks, yeah, bitch, that's my gangster fit,
I'm balling boy, and you ain't got to ask,
She all about this pimping, I'm all about this cash,
Yeah Man What's Going on Man It's really really pimpin' up in here man
I know you ain't seen pimpin' in a long time man I've been MIA
You know what I'm sayin' missin in action I ain't been on no milk carton box
but I've been milking and boxing these bitches
cuz they got to step they game up you know what I mean
What you lookin' at (step yo game up!)
What you waitin' for (step yo game up!)
Go on come on in the door (step yo game up!)
Drop it to the floor and just (step yo game up!)
You a kid (step yo game up!)
You drink gin (step yo game up!)
Is that your friend (step yo game up!)
Tell a nigga you with you better (step yo game up!)
Break it down bitch, let me see you back it up
drop that ass down low then pick that motherfucker up
Back that pussy tease a motherfucker
Rub that shit it's yours bitch, grab his dick it's yours bitch
Now turn around bitch, put that ass on a nigga, grind on his dick make it get a little
bigger
Bitch wanna act like she ain't never been with fast lane pimpin' on em
Nails with the french tip potato chip yup with a french dip say she wanna french kiss all on my diz-nick
It's cool, go on and break fool if you have to, what which you won't do, bitch I'ma slap you
Stay in line ho it's a pimp affair, if you down to get low I can take you there
But you can't fake once you hit the gate, shake till it ache, work that birthday cake
You say you wanna make it ho, well quit bullshittin' and get naked ho
Now you always got to be hot and vicious, so move them biscuits and hit them tricks bitch
Now you got about a minute to fix this cuz I'm trying to find a bitch that's bootylicious
P-U-S-S-Y, run a world, I'm the girl in the flesh ah
Lookin' for a nigga that will suck me like a blow pop
Run that dick to the door, do me baby don't stop
Same nigga talkin' all that shit
Just a little bitch, little balls, little dick
Let me show you how to work your tongue like a hurricane
We ain't here to play no games, baby give me everything
I know you like me when I drop it down low
Show it from the back, look back, let it roll
Drop it to the floor like a g-bitch supposed to
Shake it shake it shake it make a nigga go postal
But that's for fucking with a miami girl (?)
Get your man, take his money, and then buy the world
So nigga don't front, cuz fat wallets and big dicks is all I want
Church, Preach, Tabernacle
Sticky fingers is the one I love
I love him, I love you
Mmm, mmm, mmm
Sometimes I just look at how you buy me things
Before I split you wide open and I take a whif
You so fine and now that you mind, it's that time
I'm holdin' on you close, can't wait to be kind
Slowly dig you out and spread you 'cross the sheet
Run my fingers through your hair, 'til you soft and sweet
As you clingin' to my fingers, time to get you hot
Wrap you up real tight, then I lick the top
Got you properly positioned to consume you whole
But I know as we together I'ma lose control
Any way I spark the flame and the games commence
As your aroma take over I get faded quick
See you fill me with a feeling so fulfilling it's thrillin'
That without you it's about to be a reason for livin'
I spend my last cash, even chose to fight
But yet I would even share if the mood is right
Let's get high
Sticky fingers is the one I love
I love him, I love you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Sticky fingers is the one I love
I love him (I love you)
I love you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah (You feel so good)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Where my grinder at?
Where my grinder at?
So I can breakdown some Colombian black
Can't find my tire, so I use my 'tibs
Twist it up in some chocolate, now hit this shit
... And hold it in for about 20 seconds
Now how the hell you'd get "Mary Jane" naked?
Watch me light the cigarette up, I bet it burn out
Now hit some of this shit nigga, it get you turned out
Make you wanna jump back and kiss ya'self
Solo blunt to the neck, I don't need no help
But if I run to a bad bats, it's just anotha dollar loss
In time to pop my coller, 'til I pop a coller off
Situation sticky, no need for being picky
Don't touch ya face, the crystals make you itchy
Who's the theif that stole ya keef?
I had to smash on the teeth, right down the streets
You know why?
Sticky fingers is the one I love
I love him, I love you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Even though I love you girl)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Sticky fingers is the one I love
I love him (I love you girl)
I love you
You know when you smoke you smell so good...
Sticky fingers is the one I love
I love him (Yeah)
I love you (I love you girl)
Sticky fingers is the one I love
I love him, I love you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (I love you girl)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, Mrs. Sticky
Sticky fingers is the one I love
I love him (Yeah)
I love you (Yeah, oh girl)
Yeah yeah yeah I'm fin up in the corner in my
lowrider dogg. Ya heard me?
Top dollar with the gold flea collar
dippin' in my blue Impala (DPG)
(Yeah it's still a G thang)
It's time for all the lowriders out there
yeah all the dippers you like to get ya dip on
hit a switch or two, bang a corna' sittin' on threes
yeah right trip...
It's like 4 & to the 5 & to the 6 & to the 7
I once was told that all doggs go to Heaven
Well how ya been where ya been & what it look like?
My game trump tight especially when it bump like
four DPG's gettin' crazy
& No Limit is the label that pays me!
Ridin' 'round town layin' game down like Goldie
& I remember what my momma showed me
told me game recognize game
& stay true to what ya do & don't be ashamed
I got all my game from her sometimes I have to wonder
how I keep from goin' under I'm a cold muthafucka
I fall to my knees & thank God before I do my thang
I don't know why, I love to gangbang
See life ain't nuthin' but a twist anyway bitch anyway
you can say what you wanna say
Just don't get in my way 'cause I'm a mean old
Fiend know C know & P know see loc
We make music for the thugs and the bangers
and the bitches. Fuck you R&B singers
She want a nigga with his khackies hangin' real low
in a black rag Sixty-four hmm
Rollin' down the street lookin' way clean
bangin' that real shit nigga like Al Green
I'm headed straight to the LB
forget it that's what they tell me
Sell me everythang except some bullshit
and when it's time for the gunfight nigga pull quick
Cause ain't nothin' butter but us
and nigga you'll get wet up for fuckin' with my cheddar
It's cold outside nigga grab ya sweater
and that bad bitch you fuckin' with
nigga she get ya set up
Boy you done put all ya trust in that hoe
didn't ya see what happened to the President niggaro
livin' in a tight house big as the White House
You fucked around & stuck ya dick
in that white bitch mouth
What you talkin' 'bout? Fool I'm dirty like the South
and to be real I feel that's how I'm comin' out
Back on the hoe stroll highway pimp patrol
put ya cuffs on ya girl nigga let her off parole
Man nigga way cold with his game
What's his muthafuckin' name? Who me?
I'm the capital S I don't fuck with stress
N double O-P  D-O muthafuckin double G
Coldest entertainer gangbanger since Alphonz Capone
Count money like Basie police try to chase me
Niggas try to replace me but you can't
I'm ridin' in a tank I'm blowin' hella dank
So whether ridin' in ya lo-lo or smokin' on some doe doe
spread the word and take the fo' door
The Last Don done hooked up with the muthafuckin'
King of the coast with the most here's a toast
and Snoop Dogg is the representer
through the niggas & G's through the LBC's
and the Calio projects Brooklyn to Queens
Chi-town woe now the Dogg Pound in the house
everytime we touch down right next to my hometown
D-town (Detroit) Eastside St. Louie (St Louie)
Spokane get ya money man tic-tock
Little Rock right next to Houston, Texas
home of Rap-A-Lot we like to jack a lot
gimme what ya got let me get that up out ya nigga
I got ya somethin' for the summertime while it's hot
and got the bitches posted up in the parkin' lot
and guess what she want the
nigga with the biggest nuts (Who dat?)
A nigga who don't give a fuck
Ya see niggas like me all we see is
money, power moves, and a bitch a week
And last but not least my nigga *B-O-Z*
much love from the N.O. my nigga Feel me?
and my little cousin D-A-Z forever nigga
this DPGC and oh yeah Dr. D-R-E
you know where I'm at nigga holla at me
get at me holla at me nigga holla at a dogg that's real
y'all niggas know what's happenin'
It's still a (DPG) thang
It's still a G thang
Top dollar with the gold flea collar
dippin' in my blue Impala (DPG)
How else could you capture the world
if you don't attack from the back
To the million march... hehehehe
(Yo, Snoopa Donna, what??)
When I pull up to the stoplight
I gotta have a paper right
If you come back right then we can boog it
When I pull up to the stoplight
I gotta have a paper right
If you come back right then we can boog it
Boggy, boggy, boogy...
I'm going 65, 75, 80
Mashing down the boulevard downtown movin' like crazy
In the fastlane, high-beams shining
Tryna keep the timing on the track
With the diamond in the back
Move roof wide open, scoping, locking
The bitches relieve, the hoes keep hoping
They can get it, fit in, back seat, just sit in
Four hoes on a black tryna put their bid in
Girl, put it to work, you gonna do the damn thing
Happen, the rest of y'all, eat dirt
I'm rollin' in the "Mackmobile", I'm back for real
One hundred percent, pimp-motion, that's the deal
Back wheel-spinning, number one, I'm winning
Hoes lookin' inside, and they just to grinning
Waitin' to choose, while the rest wait to pay y'all dues
Don't trip I keep my hoes in two
Yeah, this is radio station 187.4 FM on your dial
In your car up inside the four o'clok traffic jam
We gonna be taking request right now at 87752-Snoop
Call station naming ya game...
Aw, yeah, hello, aw yeah, this Soopafly here
Man I wanna get a piece of that Stoplight shit
Man that motherfucking baggin church
You see them pretty buttons on my stereo? (don't touch 'em)
Don't touch 'em hoe!
You see Snoop Dogg on the floor mac
Pimping ain't (yeah) now sit the fuck back
I'm the man in charge, +Boss+, my backhand is horse
Simple slim, man I'm large
Mashing so big like a fo' by fo'
Show my do', and if not it's hoe by go
Ain't a hoe after I can slow my flow
My wheels cause a fortune, bitch I'm scorching
Seen some niggas who love to talk shit
Reach for my thang and my glove compartment
Dipnap the use it, flashed in my music
Kids in the streets askin' Doggy how I dooze it
First place in the race and don't wanna lose it
Niggas better watch out and bitches better move it
Yeah baby, you got ta move your groove
To prove that you supposed to groove in the moon
as I recite naughty nothings in yo' eardrums
If you cruisin' up the boulevard in your car
Put it in park and let the dogg spark, yeah baby
Oh, no
Tot that track you phone
I am Sam Dussel, DPG Buck
And I hate Stoplight
I always make to the next ?McMany?
I told you right I wouldn't C-Walk
Light me out, hahahaha!
Half past late and I'm still rollin
Real hoeing, make a nigga pocket still swollin
Still going, black and white tip-toein'
Flash in my player's car (why you play so hard?) cause I'm a Don
Sippin Moet, smoking Chron'
Doggy wanna see that dress my locks are on
Pimping black-red, who let bag to blunt
Can't tell the sunset from the crack of dawn
Half tank of gas
Rollin' down the window, reach out to extinct that ass
Get hot, turn down the heat, burn down the street
My hoes love to earn my keep
It's only five miles left, so I whipped it
Skipped it, lifted it and overdrive
Straight onto five, pimp nigga on the rise
85, 95, 100 and good night and fuck that stoplight
That's short Jay
Gators on your feet
Six piece outfit
Hat to the side
Four bitches on your arm
I keep my glass in my hand
In case I want to get my drink on
Feeling way pimping
Should I put the white mink on
You Got to do it
Suited N Booted
Me and my niggas stay
Suited and Booted
Game is tight
I'ma put this gold link on
Feeling way pimpin
Should I put the blue mink on
What you think we toasting for
Me and my nephews west coast for sho
We keep the best of indigo
We count our blessings, give thanks and then we blow
I'll say it again, I know I've said it before
Why Snoop be letting his mink drag on the floor
That's pimp shit, something you wouldn't know
G'd up from the feet up, laying low
Game on lock
That's why I got this link on
Feeling way pimpin
Should I put the green mink on
I keep my glass in my hand
In case I want to get my drink on
Snoop Dogg clothing
With a light pink mink on
Mayre Gators, maylike boots
Seven piece custom made suits
Hats to match, counting my chicken stratch
Just cut a deal with Cadillac
Fo real, that's why I be dressed to kill
Sixty-five G's for a Snoop Deville
Get you one, matter fact get two
They come in burgundy, but I'ma paint mine blue
I can't come through half steppin'
I keep me a cane as a potental weapon
Slap a bitch or beat a nigga up too
I do what the fuck I want to do
I stay cool, act the fool, represented
Hard from the get go, so hard to the finish
The cleanest, the meanest, I know that's right
And don't get to close cause these gators bite
Game is lock
That's why I got this link on
Feeling way pimpin
Should I put the orange mink on
I keep my glass in my hand
In case I want to get my drink on
Snoop Dogg clothing
With a honey brown mink on
Yeah, Suited N Booted baby
Lemme add something up for you real quick
Fifteen-hundred dollar gators
Six thousand dollar suit
Twelve-hundred dollar hat
My muthafuckin glass cost eight-hundred dollars
And the Snoop Deville I just jumped out of that's sixty-five G's
Plus the ounce that I got in my pocket
Add me up nigga, that's a hundred something thousand
Motherfucker can you buy that
That's called being suited N booted
G'd up from the feet up, can you dig it
And we do this here like seven dizzles a wizzle
Fa shizzle my nizzle, the big Snoopy D-O-double-jizzle
Back up in the hizzle, Da Boss, Nigga
Top selector number one Big Snoop D-O-double-G, ya!
Come again, bo, bo!
There's somethin 'bout this night
Somethin 'bout this light, yahhhhh
Illa dilla, I'ma killer
Snoopy Dogg with the Gorillaz
Layin low, on the flo'
My hands up high, I'm full of 'dro
Girlies tryin to kiss me slow
I'm leanin like a sixty-fo'
This life I live's incredible
These trees I breeze are medical
Take a look, in my eyes
Hold on tight, enjoy the ride
If you don't feel good then you out of place
My universe, is outer space
My look, my style, my Prada case
Lil' daddy get out our face
Trip this, sip this, hit that, now sit on back
And let Dogg go and get on that
Party people you invited
Have you ever tried it... somethin like this night
I can try to smoke wit'chu, somethin like this night
Have you ever tried it... somethin like this night
I can try to smoke wit'chu, somethin like this night
Somethin like this night, somethin like this night
Somethin like this night, somethin like this night
What a night to get involved
Everybody have a pause
Celebrate and fill your cup
Drink until you get enough
How you feel, I got that feelin
Disco lights hang from the ceiling
Ain't nobody on the wall
Pop it, drop it, let that fall
Hey DJ, play my song
Step back, let it bang all night long
I need your attention, no hopin or wishin
Come in in high-definition
Said I do, right that I do
Get up and get money, yep that I do
Rode it, ride it, lick it
Bite it, roll it, ride it
Party people you invited
Party people you invited
Somethin like this night, somethin like this
Somethin like this night, somethin like this night
You know Snoopy a little while back
I had one of those, carpal tunnel operations
And the doctor said "I want you to go home and
SHUT UP (mm) for four months," annnd that's kinda tough
I said "I'll try it," but while I was there
I wrote this song
Too many pain pills, too much pot
Tryin to be somethin that I'm not - Superman! Superman
Tryin to do more than I can, I got a little outta hand
I ain't Superman - know what I'm talkin 'bout?
I blew my throat and I blew my tour
I wound up sippin on soup d'jour - I wasn't Superman
Oh no, I wasn't Superman
I'm tryin to do more than I can, I got a little outta hand
I wasn't Superman
I hear ya! Mickey play with us
...
Yeah, play that Mickey, go ahead!
Play it Willie!
Yeah... go ahead Willie
Well the doctor said son it's a cryin shame
But you ain't Clark Kent and I ain't Lois Lane
You ain't Superman; you ain't Superman
Tryin to do more than you can, you got a little outta hand
You ain't Superman - whaddya think Snoop?
Well when I die, put it on my stone
God said Snoop you take your bad ass home you wasn't Superman
Ha ha ha, no, I wasn't Superman
I'm tryin to do more than I can, I got a little outta hand
I wasn't Superman (I hear ya!)
Tryin to do more than I can, I got a little outta hand
I ain't Superman
Yeahhh!
Big Snoop Dogg
Can you be my doctor?
Can you fix me up?
Can you wipe me down?
So I can make you give it up give it up
Until you say my name
Like a Jersey Jersey shuttin' down the game
Be my head coach
So you can...
And never take me out
Till you can taste the way
Do it again, and again till you say my name
And by the way
I'm so glad
I just wanna make you sweat
I wanna make you sweat
I just wanna make you sweat
I wanna make you sweat
Sweat, sweat
Drip drip drip for me mommy can you drip drip drip
Drip drip drip for me mommy can you drip drip drip
Shes hot on a rainy day
Don't drown
Call call me up, I I I can save you now
(Lick your feet and kiss your lap)?
There's only one way we can stop the drought
Come with me
We can take a trip down south
I can tell shes thirsty
I'm in the whoa like a birdy
Whatcha wanna do tonight?
It's still early
Wanna get some tonight
Shes all sturdy
I'm in I'm in
Like a cigarette
She wanna quit
I just wanna make you sweat
I wanna make you sweat
I just wanna make you sweat
I wanna make you sweat
Sweat, sweat
Drip drip drip for me mommy can you drip drip drip
Drip drip drip for me mommy can you drip drip drip
Can you, can you get me up like I'm late for my first class
So I can give it to you rough like a first draft
Hold you like a paper plane
You know I got paper babe
Them dollar bills
Girl I'll make it rain
Holiday Inn
Come and meet me on my eighth floor
Damn it feels good but I feel bad for (them next door)?
And I, I I I up on the
When I slip slip slip like two girls into slip n' slide
(There's a flood in your heart love)?
Girl, let me pop up in your hot tub
Every night every day,
Sippin' on a different drink
Different chicks, different tastes
I do it different ways
Where you goin?
Whatcha say?
I'm why her river flowin'
To another lake
By to ocean by the ocean
On the beach on the beach
I'm bout' to take a swim
Let me dip my feet in and make you sweat
I wanna make you sweat
I just wanna make you sweat
I wanna make you sweat
Sweat, sweat
Drip drip drip for me mommy can you drip drip drip
Drip drip drip for me mommy can you drip drip drip
You want a good look and grown, with your sexy skirt on
Let me take you home, let me take you home
I'll make you scream and moan, you know that it's on
I can be yo' best friend; let me stick it in
And not just the tip
I wanna give you all of it
She's a model, all tall and shit
I'm Too $hort, but I ain't got a small dick
... Just ask around
I fucked a lot of hoes in this town
I get down, I come long and wide
And when I pull it out they all wanna ride
The sun's comin up, we started at 4
I spit so much game it's hard to absorb
And everything you believe she hates
Like pimpin, she appreciates
Cause my women, knows to understand the game
It's all about the money, give a fuck about the fame
You never get a chance to go out with me
If you a broke bitch, and you not a real freak
You came with your friend but she fat as fuck
And nann one of my homies wanna fuck, and now she wanna front
From the get-go I figured this is how it gon' be
Tell that little punk bitch that you ride with me
Don't stop, fo' hop
Hollywood Hills back to Too $hort's spot
You wanna roll let's get ghost and jet
I wanna see if I can make you wet
Cause you need it, let me beat it
Your lil' fat friend, actin conceited
Sittin in the corner; leave her, the bitch is a loner
Dancin, givin me a boner (ooh)
Mm... I pull a pole on out
Me and you boo, we need to roll on out
You sit here, in the bed where
I need to just wanna put the head in, biatch!
She wanna be my B-F-F
I'm on a time limit, got no time left
See I'm a mathematician, you can add the bed
Subtract your clothes then divide your legs
When it all equals out you can moan in bed
She gave me the P, gave her the D instead
See you a hot mess with that booty and thang thang
Swangin in the club when you drinkin that drink drink
Smoke in the air, chillin all in the zone
Fuck me on the dance floor with my clothes on
Too $hort, Snoop Dogg! Uhh, imagine that
She threw me the pussy, I threw the dick right back
See I just wanna hit it and stick it in
Cause I don't wanna be yo' boyfriend
And you don't wanna be my girlfriend
I touch her once, so I'ma say it again
Girl you know you get me off
Girl, it's nothing to a boss
Give it to ya nice and soft
Take your panties off...
(You are beautiful, you are wonderful)
(I adore you, I appreciate you)
Girl I'm off this alcohol, leaning up against the wall
Put your hands up on my balls
And take your panties off...
(You are beautiful, you are wonderful)
Slip 'em to the side, girl (I adore you)
Let me slip inside, girl (I appreciate you)
(She is your queen, she is my diva)
Take your panties off (she is my queen)
Slip 'em to the side, girl (she is my diva)
Let me slip inside, girl
The problem that I seem to have
Each and every time I try
To break down what I'm thinking
Girl, you know you got my eye
I gotta see what's under there
I gotta take my time too
So come on, baby, come tonight
And please take off your panties too
Somebody told me one time, ask
Ask and you shall receive
So this is me being very polite
Take your panties off, please
First you say yes, and then you say no
And we ain't goin' tit for tat
You might think that, you being cute
But baby, ain't nobody got time for that
Pancakes and that NESQUIK
Mouth full of that lipstick
Play your cards right
And you just might get yourself that dipstick
Lick me, lick me, lick me up
And you can lick me down
And let me slip it in, and let me take you down
Damn, girl, understand, girl
Your panties look better on the floor
So me a favour, misbehaviour
Let 'em go, let 'em go
Leave your panties on the dresser
Muchacha...
Bad girl, now lift your dress up
Sexy-ass girl, and I'm your professor
Take 'em off, take 'em off, take 'em off, take 'em off...
Take 'em off...
Take 'em off, take 'em off, take 'em off, take 'em off...
Take 'em off...
Take 'em off, take 'em off, take 'em off, take 'em off...
Take 'em off...
Take 'em off, take 'em off, take 'em off, take 'em off...
Take 'em off...
What is a king without a queen?
What is the ding, without the ding-a-ling?
It all matters, it's one thing
With you pulling those panties down
So, no time to waste - this is the place
You're forced to so something you've always wanted to
So take 'em off...
I been trying to develop an alternative fuel
from a mix of all natural substances.
But the mix was highly volatile until we find a catalyst
to help stabilize the compound and supercharge the fuel.
(I'm sorry, what was this magical catalyst?)
Marijuana motherfucker!
Uh, ladies and gentlemen, players and playettes
Teachers, staff and students
I am very honored to welcome you to the high school annual talent show
Brought to you by the makers of Wiz Khalifa Premium Rolling Papers
And the qualified rollers of Snoop Dogg Master Kush
So without further adieux, let's get this show on the road
First contestant, bring your talent to the foreground
and let your smoke be yo' background
Every time I go out, I'm blowin the smoke out
I buy it don't even know the price
I smoke cause I live it, don't pay me to visit
And I'll be somewhere up in the sky
My nigga it's 'bout to go dowwwwwn
Ohh we fly, it's no lie, that we high, 'til we die
I'ma get up in this hoe's houuuuuse
Roll one up, clean the ride case them hoes wan' jump inside
Uhh, got a joint filled with quality shit
My bottom bitch smokin with me, niggaz talk shit
All of 'em shrimp (hehe) I'm a big fish
Roll a joint, lick it once, tell you hit this, groupies on my dick
Several kush is on my hitlist, in and out these niggaz bitches
Smokin tree and not to mention hustlin, tryin to mind my business
You probably went to class while I was in the hallway skippin
Yeah I hear what they sayin, just be too high to listen
'Bout my money trippin, if I even fold it wrong
Ya ain't smokin this good, if it's foul tell you I sold it all
Or wait 'til one of my hoes come 'round and roll it all
Or say fuck it and cuff it 'til I go smoke with Dogg
I show off, I show off, I show off
Car push to start, hit the button once it go off
Keep the money comin in and the papers rolled up
And ain't worried 'bout a hatin nigga, they get no love (ohh)
I go green like I was Archbishop Don Juan
And blow circles 'round you suckas like a marathon
My gym teacher told me, but I didn't listen
My bitch did my homework and now I'm in detention
It sho' beats suspension, this is my audition
So play yo' position, get the picture I envision
Did she mention, Snoop Dogg was made for kissin
A barricuda fishin, she on a mission for me
Pleasure, pain and glory, and my inventory
My SAT's, my lil' bitch she did 'em for me
And now we prancin on stage at the talent show
We floss in my clothes, my chain and my knapsack
Full of that, hand me that, can you see my telescope
Principle, said she wanna see me cause she smell my smoke
'Bout my money trippin even if I fold it wrong
Blowin zones with Wiz cause this is the protocol
Yeah, it's the Archbishop Don "Magic" Juan
It's a talent show, and everybody got to know
You got to be ready so you don't have to get ready
So when I stepped in, for the talent show
I had stole the show, because I was already ready
Everybody shoulda know they part
because the whole world is the stage, and everybody play a part
So when you at the talent show, you got to know yo' part
And you got to know when to move, and when not to move
And by me being a famous player, and know my game
I took the talent show, because I had style
I had flash, I had originality!
I had me, and that's what it's all about!
When you doin a talent show, you got to be you!
Green for the money, gold for the honey
I'm the original...
The dog saw 'im...they tear...they...looked liked they try to tear him off.
I said "Oh my God! They want to eat my husband
I was sittin at the pound about to eat dinner
Had a hard day at the studio, I was gettin thinner
My nigga Sparky-O was playin basketball
and my niggas in the backyard, y'all about to squab my Doggz
Dirty ???? gets CREAM, it's a good scheme
But you know it's all a part of the Corleone team
I squabble...Friday cos that's what I do
Dogg Pound for life nigga, uhh thought you knew
but you didn't, you think I'm kiddin nigga, my Doggz scrap
They get down for theirs, bring em right to the back
Hit the gate don't wait and ask the homey Nate
he gotta pit named Tiny mobbin behind him
Now they've got Michael Corleone
Oh, Kurupt he got Lonely the psycho assassin
He likes to smash on, uhh
and ain't no need to reach for heat cos you can't get your blast on
Doggz we keep em, busters we sweep em
and when it's time all my Doggz'll bite your momma
We leave you niggas on stuck in paws
And I'ma dedicate this one to my Doggz
Remember that pit, the one I had named Petey
Uhh, she got killed so I didn't need him
Uhh, it's like that, what about Sweetie?
He got killed too (damn) so I didn't need him
It's a cold thang but it's a cold game
but when you wit a Corleone name it's a cold thang
Cold name, cold game ya got ta get down
cos if you don't then you can't represent the Pound
Now it's like a sport
and if I get caught I'm right back in court
So I gots ta keep it on the DL and don't yeezell
but you know I gots tha pitbulls for seezell
So if you want one, get one, holla at'cha boy quick
cos I'ma be on the lookout for the sell-to-dem pigs
Ask my little homey Technique
I 'came Scarface, Corleone killers, baby boy OG
The homey Tray Deee I give him rock seat
but the rest of the pits they rollin wit me
We're layin low in the cut, holstered up in Chino
Scrappy-Du and the crew called the Gambinos
Ma bark and she'll spark up some shit real quick
Just last week y'know what? She bit the shit out of me
???? bitch is a trick, I had to get cold feet
to get the bitch up off me
and I can't tame her and I can't blame her
That's why I had to name her the top Dogg gamer
Man, it's a shame-uh nigga got love for y'all
but I got more love for my motherfuckin Doggz
It's just....
Me & my Doggz (sick em), me & my Doggz (sick em)
(Beware, beware) Me & my Doggz
Now when it comes to my Doggz they stay fly like geese
but as for me I'm Snoop Dogg I'm soopafly like Priest
I unleash my Doggz then I tilt my brim
I'm bout to trip off Locko cos he go taken my swim
I think cos my CREAMy low, get back to the pound
He gon' be itchin like hell to put the bite on the clown
and when you look with the frown he gon' get like 1-2
and ain't a damn thang that your ass can do
I think it's cos he lost his big homey Don Killer see
who ran the whole yard and gangbanged OP
and leave your ass red and yeah half-head
He's a damn fool, he'll jack you for pants leg
Don't beg you're dead, and don't dare show fear
Young gangsta fucked wit Scrappy and Red tore off his head
and all the kid do was cry like a bitch
His life was a pit and mine's in the shit
(Beware, beware)
(Sick em) It's just me & my Doggz
I keep my heat in my seat, my killers in my backyard
Just in case you niggas wanna fuck and try to act hard
....deadly serious in East Los Angeles and South Central where people
encounter stray dogs on a daily basis and often bare the scars to prove it)
I put down more hits than mafioso made
And Lucky Lucianno 'bout to sing soprano
And I know, I know the way you feel
And baby bubba we gon' keep it on tha real
Just to get you caught up in amazement
We puffin' on Cubans so it might get dangerous
But when it isn't, you can sit izzon bizzack
And let the Bizzow Wizzow ride the trizzack, ha ha
How you feelin'? I'm up to dealin', ridin' like a villan
Makin' a killin', thrillin' the crowd wit my new hairdo,
Outfits unused, fifty dollar socks, hundred-thousand dollar shoes
Man, I'm givin' blues to these sucka MC's
Who you be? You know who I be, young nigga
I'm Tha DoggFather
Snoop Doggy Dogg is Doggy Dogg Father (Father)
Let's make a move for this paper (Where we rollin' Dogg?)
We got's ta get paid (Makin' money all ya'll)
I mean I steps to tha stage in my G-boy stance
And say a few rhymes to make your girl wanna dance
I'm so fly like a dove
I come from up above
You trippin' on your girl cause she showed me love
Nigga don't beat em, cause if you beat em, you don't need em
You lay your hands on me, watch how fast I take your freedom
I delete em, but don't mistreat em
I stay up on em, and that's one ta grow on,
Let me flow on
You can rock to tha rythme you see
or you can rock to tha rythme of me
Just remember when you do your thang,
Make sure you do your thang on a hang
And everythang, is everythang
There ain't no mo' than this paper chase
Like them white-boy DA's was on tha case
You know I ain't tryin' ta floss, but uh,
(Murder, murder, murder) was the case that they lost
I'm Tha DoggFather
Now, do anybody in tha house remember
When there wasn't no Snoop Dogg? (Hell yeah!)
There wasn't no rappers hollin' 'bout LBC
Am I trippin' ya'll? (Hell no!)
Now, when I grow up, I wanna be like Snoop
Have prestigious women
That's the truth from the begining
In and out of the flyest hotels
You say your family don't know me
Hold on hommie, that's formost and promos
Sales, tails, scales and jails
Success before death
No one in my clique fails
As females with the almighty Father lead
Succeedin' ta give my peep's just what they need
And it ain't no party like this kind,
Cause you can leave your worries behizzind
But I'ma git back to tha grizzind
Snoop D-O double G comin' back for mizzine and
I'm tha DoggFather
Poppin, stoppin, hoppin like a rabbit
When I take the nina Ross ya know I gota ta have it
I lay back in the cut retain myself
Think about the shit, and I'm thinkin wealth
How can I makes my grip
And how should I make that nigga straight slip
Set trip, gotta get him for his grip
as i dip around the corner, now i'm on a-nother
mission, wishin, upon a star
Snoop Doggy Dogg with the caviar
In the back of the limo no demo, this is the real
Breakin niggaz down like Evander Holyfield, chill
to the next Episode
I make money, and I really don't love hoes
Tell ya the truth, I swoop in the Coupe
I used to sell loot, I used to shoot hoops
But now I, make, hits, every single day
With, that nigga, the diggy Dr. Dre
So lay back in the cut, motherfucker 'fore you get shot
It's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop
Boy it's gettin hot, yes indeed it is
Snoop Dogg on the mic i'm about as crazy as Biz
Markie, spark the, chronic bud real quick
And let me get into some fly gangsta shit
Yeah, I lay back, stay back in the cut
Niggaz try to play the D-O-G like a mutt
I got a little message, don't try to see Snoop
I'm fin to fuck a bitch, what's her name it's Luke
You tried to see me, on the TV, youse a B.G.
D-O-double-G, yes I'ma O.G.
You can't see my homey Dr. Dre
So what the fuck a nigga like you gotta say
Gotta take a trip to the MIA
And serve your ass with a motherfuckin AK
You, can't, see, the D-O-double-G, cuz that be me
i'm servin um, swervin in the Coupe
The Lexus, flexes, from Long Beach to Texas
Sexist, hoes, they wanna get witht his
Cuz Snoop Dogg is the shit, beeeitch!
Ahhhh, I'm somewhat brain boggled
So I look to the microphone and slowly start to wobble
Grab it, have it, stick it to the plug
It's Snoop, Doggy, I got a got a fat dub
Sack of the chronic in my back pocket loc
Need myself a lighter so I can't take a smoke
I toke everyday, I loc everyday
With the P-O-U-N-D and my nigga Dr. Dre
Lay back in the cut, like I told your ass
Gimme the microphone and let me hit you with a blast
I got a little cousin by the name of Daz
And bitches who fuck him, gimme the ass
Cuz they know about the shit that we be goin through
And they know about the shit that I be puttin up
And they be knowin bout the shit I do when I'm on the mic
Cause Snoop Dogg is Trump tight like a virgin, the surgeon
Is Dr. Drizzay, so lizzay, and plizzay
With D-O-double-Gizzay the fly human being seein
No I'm not European bein all I can
When I put the motherfuckin mic in my hand, and
You don't understand when i'm kickin
Cuz Snoop is on the mic and I gets wicked, follow me
Listen to me, cuz I do you like you wanna be done
Snoop Doggy Dogg on this three two one, umm
Dum, diddy-dum here I come
With the gat and the guitar was strung, I'm
not that lunatic nigga who you thought I was
When I caught you slippin, I'm gon catch you then I peel your cap
Snapped back, relax
Ya better not be slippin with them deez on the '83 Cadillac
So we gonna smoke a ounce to this
G's up hoes down while you motherfuckers bounce to this
I'm smoking everywhere I go
(No stick, no seeds, just Al Green)
I always gotta keep one rolled
(I keep that, need that, got that)
I'm rolling every gram I own
(that purp, that bomb, that kush)
don't gotta understand, they know
I smoke that, fire that, good that good that
Concentrated, everyday I'm faded
tree's prepared and properly cultivated
I nursed 'em, sprayed down, no chemicals
just me and my buddy, ya hear me now
never treat ya wrong, to each his own
Snoop and Wiz the new Cheech and Chong
we up in smoke, making street schemes
smoking sticky green, having sweet dreams
break it down, put it in the zig zag
and pull the top back and let the ass drag
hit the switch, quickest way to get a bitch
executive branch, get a whiff of this
black car, sack a dank
high school nigga what the fuck you think
I'm passing all my classes with flying colors
and everyday I'm high as a muthafucker
I'm smoking everywhere I go
(No stick, no seeds, just Al Green)
I always gotta keep one rolled
(I keep that, need that, got that)
I'm rolling every gram I own
(that purp, that bomb, that kush)
don't gotta understand, they know
I smoke that, fire that, good that good that
Sun roof open, smoking while I'm rolling
my bitches only notice it if its potent
bottle of Perignon, we can go kick it by the ocean
get in between your legs
join roaches and ashes all in your bed
you calling her babe, she calling me instead
cause I put that game all in her hair
she saw the crib, she know that I'm balling
when he ain't have nothing he used to stall em
now I with the boss dogg, all the bad hoes want him
and my pockets on swole, I'm talking Rick Ross big
and now when we shop we don't care what the cost is
rolling up good, smoking that bomb shit
blow a whole OZ, nigga that's boss shit
now she all fuck her man, rubberbands in my pocket
getting money, going hard for my profit
bad bitch keep the joint stuffed like stockings
young nigga getting bread, why knock it
I'm smoking everywhere I go
(No stick, no seeds, just Al Green)
I always gotta keep one rolled
(I keep that, need that, got that)
I'm rolling every gram I own
(that purp, that bomb, that kush)
don't gotta understand, they know
I smoke that, fire that, good that good that
In highschool, we do just like we like to
we cordially invite you
now roll up get high to it
we welcome you to highschool
we do just like we like to
we cordially invite you
now roll up get high to it
get high to it
I'm smoking everywhere I go
(No stick, no seeds, just Al Green)
I always gotta keep one rolled
(I keep that, need that, got that)
I'm rolling every gram I own
(that purp, that bomb, that kush)
don't gotta understand, they know
I smoke that, fire that, good that good that
Danger!
With the most connected and the most protected
Ya dig!?!?!
Would you say my name?
Would you s.. would you say my name?
Would you say my name?
They gon say - "That's.. that's tha homie!"
I can make it everywhere, I I can make it everywhere
That's tha homie!
Everywhere, everywhere!
I I I can make it everywhere
That's tha homie!
Would you say my name?
Would you s.. would you say my name?
Would you say my name?
They gon say - "That's.. that's tha homie!"
I can make it everywhere, I I can make it everywhere
That's tha homie!
Everywhere, everywhere!
I I I can make it everywhere
That's tha homie!
Everywhere I go I love tha people know my name
It's cha bigg homie Snoopy, just tell'em you're with me
I gotta the partner outta Vegas, hook up on the stripaz
He like to call them show-girlz, but Snoopy neva tip
I gotta homie outta Rino, he like to play Pockino
I pull up, whip low in the Phantom
With the wheels spinnin'
Ladies like
That's that shit
I'm in the back of the club
Blowin' trees
Hands up, head bobbin' like
That's that shit
In the spot where the girls go wild
Dancing titty bar style
I'm like
That's that shit
Snoop Dizzle (Hey)
Your boy Kells (Hey)
Let me hear you say
That's that shit
Let's get this party jumpin'
Me and Kel gone get it bumpin'
They humpin'
Like when it's over
We gone all get into somethin'
The Dog is fresh
Southside without a vest
Nothin on my chest
But these ladies up out the Midwest
I must confess
That in the Chi is so blessed
Leaving nothing on my mind
But Doggy, you and safe sex
This ain't a test
You fucking with a cold mess
Meet me in Chicago
Let me get you to this real west
It's real strong
Real fat and real long
Doggies in the building
Holdin' something they can feel up on
And once they get it
Something they can build up on
Take that skinny nigga home
Work that filling till it's gone
Get that home grown
Put that shit on Daddy long
I know how you ladies do it
T-shirt with no panties on
Let's get this shit crackin'
Kell and Doggy Dogg in action
If you in here all alone
You might get this dog bone
I pull up, whip low in the Phantom
With the wheels spinnin'
Ladies like
That's that shit
I'm in the back of the club
Blowin' trees
Hands up, head bobbin' like
That's that shit
In the spot where the girls go wild
Dancing titty bar style
I'm like
That's that shit
Snoop Dizzle (Hey)
Your boy Kells (Hey)
Let me hear you say
That's that shit
Dip low, Six-Four
Hundred spokes and chronic smoke
All these ladies on the floor
Cuz they know what we in here for
Dogg and Kelly came to ball
Get your ass up off the wall
Let that middle wiggle
Now make that shit fall
Not just one, but all y'all
Move it like you want it all
Let me see you bounce it for me
Work that shit for Doggy Dogg
You gots to do it
Is that your crew
Bring 'em too
Come here let me take you through it
Then once Kelly get into it
We can get this after party
Poppin' everybody
Got themselves another body
Knockin' out
Without protection though
That's my confession
But at the spot
If you just think
Your gonna listen
You can drop it like it's hot
Hold up
I came to cool out
Lay back and get blown
Maybe Henny, maybe gin
A couple shots of Patron
And if you didn't you missed it
But now it's known
That this cash shit
Kells sing that song
I pull up, whip low in the Phantom
With the wheels spinnin'
Ladies like
That's that shit
I'm in the back of the club
Blowin' trees
Hands up, head bobbin' like
That's that shit
In the spot where the girls go wild
Dancing titty bar style
I'm like
That's that shit
Snoop Dizzle (Hey)
Your boy Kells (Hey)
Let me hear you say
That's that shit
So if you think you got the bomb shit
(Holla at a playa)
And if you lookin' for some good sex
(Holla at a playa)
Girl if you ever in the 3-1-2
(Holla at a playa)
And if you're ever in the 2-1-3
(Holla at a playa)
I pull up, whip low in the Phantom
With the wheels spinnin'
Ladies like
That's that shit
I'm in the back of the club
Blowin' trees
Hands up, head bobbin' like
That's that shit
In the spot where the girls go wild
Dancing titty bar style
I'm like
That's that shit
Snoop Dizzle (Hey)
Your boy Kells (Hey)
Let me hear you say
That's that shit
Snoopy, is what they say as if they knew me
Groupies on my head like a kooflee, my nigga kid cudi,
That's my little buddy,
Call some hoe's up and get some cudi cudi,
What yo life like, mine is kinda tight,
A long way from hustlin, a china white,
My people love, the fans love me I'm all go,
If you ain't showin love then what did you call for,
I don't need it in my life, my kids pay the price,
So alike and in need of my wife, smoke till I'm gone,
Dog on the throne I'm world-wide known and a boss in the zone,
I get it how I get it cause I can, I earn the spot,
You see the plans, I'm just fuckin with my fans,
I turned out to be a better man, important for life,
You understand while I'm puffin on this gram
Everything I'm havin, no there ain't necessity,
Though I'm shining, keep on grinding what you see ain't all of me,
Though I keep them hoe's, don't love them hoe's,
The code in which I roll, it's so simple what I need,
I keep my Fam and I can't forget that tree,
Nah nah nah nah nah nah,
I can't forget that tree,
Nah nah nah nah nah nah,
I can't forget that tree,
Nah nah nah nah nah nah,
I can't forget that tree,
Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah
Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah
I got my fam dog, look at my niggas,
Got little money dogg but I ain't tripping,
Most days I'm faded, feeling ex-rated,
Steady wanting freaky hoes, then I want a lady,
Holdin' the fam down and the clothes on me,
The people who were there, stupid sucka left me lonely,
Phony, when you see me nigga, don't approach me,
Made it to the top baby, that's on me,
Cops trying to claim that they made me,
I want you to feel another real for gaizing,
I keep it one hundred, never frontin, don't need me,
I'm in the zone, no place for pussy my nigga,
Cool yo that niggas don't know, loco how a nigga like me postpone,
The one fans loved, who was always approachable yo,
And I rep the double O, smoking, eating cherrios
Can't forget it, they made me who I am, a king,
And I'm still on the scene you gotta love it, all out in public,
The people want to touch it, I need a blunt with the stuffin',
Nigga, it's nuthin for me to chill out and post up at the house,
With Madden on the screen and smash on the homies,
Hollywood nice now,
Everyone want me and on the blogs they talk shit like they know me,
Fool, I'll take you niggas to school, "How to get rich and stay cool",
Snoopy D O Dub show you homie, even with the critics and feds on me,
I was tappin all the Choanies,
Dog, but my folks call me snoopy, boss dogg nigga sue me,
Pony tail swinging as I lay in the jacuzzi,
Love of my life while I'm puffing on the good weed
Snoop dogg in the house tonight blowing that laker crip that I know you like, right?
Kid Cudi, my nephew, blaze that shit right now Would you? Would you? Right?
Ay whassup my nig?
Shit, just chillin, what's happenin?
Shit nuttin, whatchu up to?
Shit, not too much - ay you ain't seen that nigga Snoop?
Man hell naw, I been callin that nigga since Starsky & Hutch
I ain't fin' to call that nigga no more man
Tchk, oh like that?
Man f'real man, I ain't buyin that new album either
I'ma download that motherfucker for free
Let that nigga know when I see him man
Shit, there he go right there
Huh?
I don't say much
I don't say Alize, no I don't say Dutch
Keep yo' hands off until I say, okay touch
I never come off tacky, I'm a boss exactly
I'm like the slick suit Snooperfly Versace
Conversation flashy, y'all niggaz can't match me
I talk to you slow, so your game can roll
Take advice from a player, don't love her just play her
Boy I never could dare, to pay double the fare
Man I swear to God it's gon' be some trouble in here
Before I pay that bitch, I'm like a bossy hog
Half dog, half gorilla, bitch Donkey Kong
Niggaz thirst for hoes, I got a thirst to ball
Tryin to knock a pimp's hustle, be the first to fall
Fuckin with a-hundred-fifty, whole can of vodka
Mixed with gangbang, got a program like Poppa (hey hold up man)
I'ma do you a favor, let this pimpin save ya
Leave that bitch alone, the homies call her Ms. Behavior
Boy you move too fast, done too much talkin
I'm too much walkin to one who keep hoes hawkin
Don't fuck with Snoop too much cause he goes off when
niggaz mouth too much, so please no flossin
I step up quicker, cause the game don't pause
I gotta stay sucka free, cause it ain't no laws
Dig this y'all
That's the bidness mayne, step my game up up in this mayne
Long hours hard minutes mayne, with this hustle on splendid mayne
P.A. perfect attendance mayne
Cause I'm a boss..
Yeah, real bossy like, and sometimes flossy
And if you fuckin with that
{"I-I know, I, I-I-know, I know you gonna dig this"}
I had to tell you the truth homey, but you got mad
Yeah I hurt yo' feelings, FUCK IT, it's too damn bad
I'm a major player, I got major game
I might floss a different bitch, but the pimpin the same
I ain't got time for no haters, I lay 'em flat on they back
I'm from the Dogg Pound homey, I don't fuck with them cats
I fuck with, niggaz, who be bustin them shots
I'm talkin Long Beach, Inglewood, Compton, Watts
Close your chops, I knows your spots
Keep talkin nigga I'll expose your knots
You ain't ready for daddy, boy I do this for fun
It's like you versus Kobe ballin one on one
You ain't got no chance, you ain't got no fans
I kick the shit out you punk, look momma no hands
I'm not a, holy roller but I pray so hard
Help me, I'm sendin these bitch niggaz straight to God
Shit I'm too damn grown, conversation is sho't
While your talk is funny, Jack I talk with money
Keep the chain on bling, the rock is sunny
For you smart mouthted bitches I ain't that dummy
{"HELL NO," he replied}
{"GOD DAMN!"} {"Let me tell you somethin"}
That's the bidness, that's the bidness
Aww, that's the bidness, can I get a witness?
Aww, yeah, that's the bidness, aww yeah, say what, yeah
That's the bidness, but can I get a witness?
Big Snoop Dogg
Occupation real
Conversation skill show you how to make a mill'
Pimpin'  cath me on tour
I headline the bill with beatufil bitches,
I done  been to brazil
Nigga, aks fo' real, my pockets is filled
Big money I'm the boss of my gangsta feel
They say they got the cure, I ain't takin the pill
I'm a stillkeep the gangsta after fifteen years
Ya digg
Cant give it up gettin money the way that I live
The king of the west coast I'm runnin this shit
Big snoop dogg nigga you know what it is
The forty calli screw yo face like you fuckin with this
No cure for the cash nigga my pockets big
Kush weed is the best, so why would I quit
High flyin in the ??
I drop em down pick em up yes I am the pimp
What you thought, doggystyle all up in yo bitch
If theres a cure for getttin money theres the opposite
Never give it up, man I love this shit
Blunt after blunt, hit after hit
Six fo low ridin with the candy kidden
If theres a cure fo beein gangsta I dont want this shit.
A mother fo the sunrise sposed to hit the block
Lil bad mothafucka pull the pockets pull the rocks
Learned to throw them thangs
Let me tell you why they call me snoop doggy dogg
I got a lot of bitches plus this nigga stay sharp
Now follow me, as I creep through the fog
Is secure for this shit you better keep It out of dodge
Before I put you in some shit
You really got to swap, then call the hustle boys,
To get you mothafuckas robbed
Is five in the mornin'
I climb in my zone, I'm from the LBC,
Where the climate is cold
And I know you player hatas got your eyes on my dope,
Cause I spit that real shit,
In your ear you can ??
Spend summers on the beach
Hidden gears on the boat
Fifty G's all in twennys keep the duffel bag closed
What you call heat
Eat a nigga'ho
Fo you chain snatchion niggas tryna size up my gold
Its the problem, I dont need no antidote
No cure nigga, I let the wound heal slow
I gotta keep it gangsta makin moves  on the road
Tour bus full of weed smoke, bitches n' hoes
I've been doin this fo years
Nigga thats how it goes
Is the big boss dogg I'm the truth untold
West coast camping no mean to brag the boss
The benz or the porche, I done have them both
Lil snoop count my money cut my fingers its mo
Its the celebration, grab yo glass n' toast
West Coast!
Spades like these occasions I love
Running round going nowhere
Glad I get to spend all your time
Probably cause I know that I'm the one that makes you smile
I love the way you say my name
And how you laugh at all the stupid things I say
It's all lovin, no hate
Hanging out with you
While you hanging hanging on my arm
And I like it
Your hand on my back
While we drivin drivin in my car
And I like it
This is the good good
This is what people look all their lives to find
And baby we found it
Right on time
This is the good good
And now that we got it
We gotta keep it going strong
Gotta keep it going on ye
Keep it strong
Keep keep it going on ye
Keep it strong
Keep keep it going on ye
Anytime I'm feeling alone
They'll be a text from you on my phone
Just to say you're thinking of me
And when we're in the club I know it's only me you see
Love the way you have my back
And how when I make no sense
You still understand
When nobody else can
Hanging out with you
While you hanging hanging on my arm
And I like it
Your hand on my hand
While we kissing kissin in the dark
And I like it
This is the good good
This is what people look all their lives to find
And baby we found it
Right on time
This is the good good
And now that we got it
We gotta keep it going strong
Gotta keep it going on ye
Keep it strong
Keep keep it going on ye
Keep it strong
Keep keep it going on ye
Oh this love
Is the best love that can ever be
And I get high on you and me
Anyone can see
This is the good good
This is the good good
This is what people look all their lives to find
And baby we found it
Right on time
This is the good good
And now that we got it
We gotta keep it going strong
Gotta keep it going on ye
Keep it strong
Keep keep it going on ye
Keep it strong
Keep keep it going on ye
Aw yeah, coming to you live and direct from the LBC
We have the one and only, Snoop D-O double G
Yeah, yeah, drop it
It's the one and only D-O double G
Big Snoop Dogg, it's the one and only
The one and only, D-O double-double-double G
Big Snoop Dogg
You in the presence of a motherfucking rap star
I push up laid back in a black car
Though I bossed up, it ain't hard to tell that
I came up hard as hell, check it out
I stayed sharp and played my part
All I had was a mic, a dream and some heart
Me and my moms wasn't getting along at this time
And since pops was gone, I'm out grinding
Catch a nigga praying, swearing I ain't going back to jail
Judge about tired of a playa, I don't know about this bidness shit
But I'm good with this rapping, can I get a witness what's happening
That's about the time I put down the rocks
And got to working in the studio around the clock
For a small profit, but a whole lot of game
Man I'm famous, now it ain't the same
It's the one and only D-O double G
Do you want some of this
Top Dogg bite em all, yeah I'm burning it up
Aw naw, Big Snoop Dogg
You tuned in to the number one
Buck one, buck two, buck three, buck four
So get real fool, fool
Local boy made good over night shit
Not only am I getting righteous but wise see
I paid the price, with consecutive platinum hits
I up my status, aint no more Calvin Broadus
World on my shoulder, but I can handle it
Now that I'm older, I'm sharper and colder
Can you remember when I slid in Deep Cover
And made niggas in the Beach love eachother
A street hustler, but I'm all set for the come up
Best kept secret so I'm want up
I've been acquitted up for 1-8-7
Yes I'm blessed thank God in Heaven
Now all I need is a push in the right direction
Weed and a mic now I'm writing checks
And now the game ain't stopping
And can't nobody say my name ain't popping
Started off young as a little-bitty buck
Now I'm ready for the world, and I got to give it up
You in the presence of a motherfucking millionaire
Stop, look, listen, feel, yeah I ain't tripping on shit
I worked hard as a motherfucker
Fuck Cuzz, and him too cause all y'all suckas
Now with the savvy of a business man
I gave, new niggas a chance, to see what they was saying
And kept a spot on hot, West Coast on lock
Big Dizzel knocking down your block
Never looking back uh uh, a steady process
And leaving that way, cause see I'm blessed
It's like I'm happy now, cause I'm a family man
I fell in love with my kids and my wife again
And these here are the files of a classic
It's my throne till I choose to pass it
Worldwide and the sun shine so bright
That's why I wear my yellow C's at night nigga
Take it back to the afros and the naturals
Cape cutter picks we slips into the back
I'm O.G. my nigga for real though
Straight up off that east side top of the hill yo
I'm looking at the overview
Thinking bout 86 damn I was overdue
Walking in the hood making mix tapes trying to walk up out the hood
While I'm chucking at the hood nigga talk about the hood
That I came from it raised me real Crip crazy
oops a daisy
Demon or a heathen scheming while I'm dreaming
Screaming to get even seeing is believing
And don't you forget that
Get it to you get back hit that kick back
Three flies one a way
Reminisce about the things that my grandmama use to say
Stay in your own lane stay on your own and quick trying to be grown
Day turn to night and play turn to fight
Yeah I guess my granny was right
Reflections of the way life used to be
It's all right
I like them girls from Ladera Heights or the girls on Hills
I take a trip up the World On Wheels and get in a fight
Make it back to my ride
Pop shots at some suckers disrespecting the side
My big homie my cuzzo schoolyard bozo
Slid me away just to get me away
I'm just a Long Beach nigga outside of my hood
I'm banging riding but doing it good
When I get locked down there ain't hiding and wondering
As soon as I hit the County I'm up in 48 hundred
With the dealers the killers the
The best from the west and the beast from the east
Yeah I'm acting a fool
I'm getting my degree from gladiator school
I chose this life cause I knows this life
Sell a little crack and my flows is tight
I'm clear on my choice and what's cold is
I can still hear my grandma's voice
She say day turn to night and play turn to fight
Yeah I guess my granny was right
Reflections of the way life used to be
It's all right
If you get caught then you don't walk cause you don't talk
And these was the rules squeeze on these fools
I came up in a different era homie
Where the G's is the G's and the little wannabe's really want it
Wanna be like cause the C life make you wanna G like
Now who you wanna be like
That fool on the TV screen
Or the homie on the corner getting major cream
In the Cadillac beating like Battle Cat
A nigga with money don't know how to act
Smoke til your eyes get cataracts
All money nonsense yeah none of that
Quarter sack run it back
Hold him back lock him up bag him up front him that
If a trick jump the track do you want your money back
Lil bitch was a bunny rat
Watch for the funny hat
Cause it's gonna come
And my granny said it's no fun
She say day turn to night and play turn to fight
Yeah I guess my granny was right
Reflections of the way life used to be
It's all right
Yeah man...
"You know it's easy to talk about.. doin somethin
but when it comes down to the action part, the most folks take a little
light vacation"
Mmmm.. I was just thinkin to myself man
Y'know this Blue Carpet Treatment record is deep to me
And I need to let my peoples know how deep it is to me
On some real talk like...
It's like lookin and poppin and seein whoppers and movers
Despite a Guidant, I try to be hard on the low
Nobody's guidance so I decided to sleep by the do'
Open my mind try to slip inside my grandpa's fo'
Driftin off into another stage of life
Nigga paid ya price and big homies made ya fight
Niggaz ain't wanna see ya nigga be-bop, no
Toe for toe, I beat a nigga down to the flo'
Incredible, forgettable, better blast, past, to move the mind
Many men were eradicated by music minds
Open ya eyes and take ya time to visualize
And once ya decide to move ya mind in due time
It's so erotic, if it ain't exotic, it's gettin naughty
Freeze and groove, get rowdy, rowdy; girl move ya body
It's melodic, I'm bein honest and modest
You done fucked off my whole rap flow, think about it
Fuck that nigga, I'ma do it right
Thangs ain't movin right, I don't think that you would like
for me to be mad, saying, "Niggaz can't stand me"
Sittin at home, watchin motherfuckers at the Grammy's
Wishin I was there, naw nigga I don't wish no more
I'm the big cat, fish in the bowl
Basically you hear these rappers out here using my flow
They need Snoop on they song to make they shit official though
In dismissible, police a nigga, modern day KMI
Takin my time, chronolizing my rhyme
Writing my rhyme, tryin to get intellectual
Directing the weather, makin my negative records more intellectual
Tryin to change the direction of flowin
And sayin, born sayin, "You know I get live-er when I get fluent"
Ain't been nobody to change game since King came
Same thing, same lane, hit it and ya get banged
Word to Rob Bass, just make the music dope
Thangs don't change man, it's so remarkable
And they don't know how to do it 'cause they don't flow that way
Go that way, roll that Jay
Roll my tape and take me back the day you were phony
You're so into what ya doin but you can't get into it
You can't talk and now ya ruined but y'know I'ma do it
And now you doin it, they booing like, "You blew it! You blew it!"
I'm dippin through the universe, make 'em move the verse
Through the Luda-verse, hit the boota first
You can never beat a hoe, lemme show you how to treat a hoe
If you likin me, follow me, you so believable
(So...) Got a way to get his own music out
Record executive, bounce ballin and actin bad
Take my time, with my.. great mind
Take 'em out, make mine, kicked about it
Thanks to niggaz who might make it illegal
And not rival the Beatles, and rock, rockin my peoples
And fly, fly like eagles been doin the shit like liters
And hittin y'all with heaters and walkin in my Adida's
I continue to bust, then I switched up to chucks
Givin niggaz a puff, still givin it up
Beanie Sigel what up? Real niggaz is up
On the scheme with my team, yeah Daz and Kurupt
We bust 'til we buss 'em up
(Lay Low), I know they told you not to fuck with us
Layin and playin, and sayin man, walkin in vain
Anxious for fame, my nigga tryin to walk in my lane
And tryin to.. walk in my shoes but they just don't fit
You couldn't spit the shit that I spit 'cause I'm the shit
And this is it, legit, let's split the chips
And fix, and move the work and hurt that bitch
I'm through with this!
I wake up early in the morning and it feels so good
Smoking on some shit that you wish you could
Jealousy envy please don't feel bad
This weed is mine get your own bag
A sack full of O.G. under lock and key
None for the homies this is all for me
Got a blunt looking like a Cali palm tree
Police roll by I got nothing on me
Cause the smokes already in the air
I'm locc'd up with two braids in my hair
All star star with the khaki suit
I'm a fuck around and take it back to classic Snoop
On the east side standing on the V.I.P.
Back then the only red was E-Y-E
You's a P.Y.T. and you looking so fine
I'm sorry baby girl but tonight
This weed is mine
This weed is mine you can't have it
This weed is mine
This weed is mine you can't have it
This weed is mine
Back to the episode sacks full of chronic
Out of this world could relax on a comet
This is church music listen to the choir
To burn my kush you must use fire
D-O double G like never heard before
Smoking that bomb like T-H-C 4
West coast worldwide seashore to seashore
When's the last time you seen a G in a G4
Don't worry I'll wait
Times ticking I'm tripping I'm slipping away
Into a zone where these hoes on my dog bone
A dog whistle and they download my ringtone
And she's so hypnotized by this pimp's poem
What I got here is mine gone get your own
I put beats to rhymes get peace of mind
O-Z's to dimes and this weed is mine
This weed is mine
This weed is mine you can't have it
This weed is mine
This weed is mine you can't have it
This weed is mine
I hear niggas talking bout what they rolling up
Smell what I smoke fore the bag open up
Good chance if you see me then I'm smoking one
Licensed to get it from the men who grow the shit
Real nigga blowing weed before I was old enough
If I'm in the building it's hard not to notice it
Hit up Willie said dog I got some hoes to fuck
I'm a fall through with an ounce of that potent shit
Don't trip nigga we gonna all sip blow the whole zip
Let you hit mine plus you supplying your own lil bit
My nigga get high and let the hoes twist
Say you don't fuck with twists look how you rolled it
They ain't smoking like ours I'm rolling up paper they be burning for hours
And if it's fire I'm smoking the whole thing entire
This weed is mine
This weed is mine you can't have it
This weed is mine
This weed is mine you can't have it
This weed is mine
I got a roll for you do you wanna smoke with me
I wanna smoke with you do you wanna smoke with me
I got a roll for you do you wanna smoke with me
I wanna smoke with you do you do you
(Those girls, those girls)
Those girls, they don't mean a thing to me
I was just playin' the game
It was all a fantasy (Those girls)
I got a call from this hoe the other day
She say she just moved down from The Bay
to L.A. - well that's great
We should sit down and talk face to face
You bring the barbeque, I got the paper plates
I can't lie girl, I like the way you shake
And when you dance the way you make your booty shake
Give or take, I rate you 'bout an eight
Or a nine - okay, fine, you a dime
And them other bitches they gon' wait in line
They hatin' on you how you take away they shine
Rewind, pay attention to the signs
I see money when I look you in the eyes
No lie, I love how you stay fly
So fly, send a text and I'll reply
And when you need that good sex, I'm the guy
(Those girls, those girls, those girls, those girls)
Those girls, they don't mean a thing to me
I was just playin' the game
It was all a fantasy (Those girls)
It was Kim, Dalesa, Vanessa, Rene
I don't love hoes or respect what they say
Hey... yeah that's life
The Pound comin' through, get the F out the way
I know it's been a minute but your boy been away
It feels so good, take me back in the day
I hit the studio, then back to the stage
The lights come on and the people start to wave
Then I seen this girl, she looked me right in the face
Like "I know you remember me and my homegirl Tanay"
We stay downtown in a loft on Santa Fe
And we your number one biggest fans to this day
Wait... baby girl I'm the great
Bigg Snoop Dogg, you got to bring me up to date
I know a lot of girls rock shows in many states
Room 220, bring your friend and some drank
(Those girls, those girls, those girls, those girls)
Those girls, they don't mean a thing to me
I was just playin' the game
It was all a fantasy (Those girls)
Now where you gonna find a nigga fresh like me bitch?
Somebody pass the lighter so I can get this weed lit
She lookin' at my stones like "Damn, is he rich?"
I'm lookin' at her pose like damn is she thick
Fuck them other dudes, I'm the man to be with
Fifty million sold, who's bigger than me bitch?
Nobody, let me put you on to some G shit
Hop in the Benz, I'll get you higher than ski lifts
And then I'm bout to beat the cat up like Heathcliff
Yeah, 'cause all bitches need dick
And if they say they don't they just lyin', they wanna sit
shotgun in the 500 like she the shit
Uh-uh, hold on baby, we the shit
Clear blue skies, dip 'til you're seasick
You're with the one and only
S, yes, N, double, O, P
(Those girls, those girls, those girls, those girls)
Those girls, they don't mean a thing to me
I was just playin' the game
It was all a fantasy (Those girls)
I'm sittin on my porch watchin the law
As they ride past in they patrol cars
So tell me why I feel like the enemy
They're supposed to be here protectin me
I might have went too far
Helpin' to contribute to makin their job hard
Servin' fiends like these people ain't no kin to me
I can't believe I'm out here killin my community
If you knew how far I came (far I came)
From where I am and where I used to be (where I used to be)
I don't want it, you can tell by the look at me
This gangsta life ain't no longer in me
And I'm tired of the runnin', tired of the runnin'
Tired of the runnin', runnin' from the law
Baby you gotta believe me
Said I'm tired of the runnin', tired of the runnin'
Tired of the runnin', runnin' from the law
Baby ya gotta believe me
I know there's things I could've changed girl
I know there's things I could've done a lot better
Instead I'm in the streets tryin to make that cheddar
Thinkin in my mind that you gon' be there forever
I know I could've let it all go (let it all go)
But I was thinkin it would make life better (make life better)
Instead I'm sittin in this cell writin this letter
Thought I wouldn't get caught cause I was way too clever
I learned there's no one to catch ya when ya fallin
And they'll be no one to hear you when you're callin
Do you know what it's like to wake up in the mornin
While you're starvin you're hearin bugs crawlin
Reminiscin' on them days you was walkin'
With pretty women on your arm while you're flossin'
Thankful that I didn't end up in a coffin
Somethin you see too often
And I'm tired of the runnin', tired of the runnin'
Tired of the runnin', runnin' from the law
Baby you gotta believe me
Said I'm tired of the runnin', tired of the runnin'
Tired of the runnin', runnin' from the law
Baby ya gotta believe me
Said I'm tired...
Said I'm tired...
I said I'm tired...
So tired, yeah
And I'm tired of the runnin', tired of the runnin'
Tired of the runnin', runnin' from the law
Baby you gotta believe me
Said I'm tired of the runnin', tired of the runnin'
Tired of the runnin', runnin' from the law
Baby ya gotta believe me
Said I'm tired...
Just another day in the motherfucking neighbourhood
A pimp's waking up and he's feeling good
Versace to the flow
He didn't even mess with the taylor made shit today y'all
Smelling good with his reptiles on for sure
I'm waking up in the morning, man I'm mourning; what's wrong?
My Nigga Corleone gone in my Zoning, but I'm boning, out to school
Cause I can't be late, cause they'll lock the gate
And it's damn near eight, that's when the bell ring
I'm a slide on in, and come right on in
And once I bail through the hallways, giving it up
Funky fresh stars and khakis, cool living it up
What up? - the same shit trying get paid and stay strong
Lunchtime, I make my way to get my grub on
Ten minutes to one, feeling good like I should for sure
Fourth period; walk through the door
I'm wreaking and smelling like endo
But still the day moves on to 2:44; one minute left to class
By Warren G, the Twins and Daz
Nate Dogg finna scoop us up in a blue drop top Brouham
I hear some bitches from Wilson wanna tag.. along
And get up, for the get-down
Word got around about the niggaz from the Piddound
We keep the whores on point, to join on lit
And keep heat discreet, until the shit jump off
Well we're all from the side, so we won't ask why
So you best get high!
Too high, so fly, like Snoop is poly high
See I... took advantage cause I live right next door
to the funkhouse, dunkhouse with the whole show
Niggaz know how we go; from first 'til four we don't show
Lunch and then the last whore
It's getting dealt with some melt shit I guess
We smoke the Stress, cause my quest wasn't chronic yet
Little niggaz growing up with my dogs
Cause we pack the hogs, exercise for my balls
Stacked bigger than I thought it would be
Me and the family, working on TV, get paid and fuck their enemy
Moving on up, like the Jeffersons but quicker
All we think about is finding ways to get richer
Hit you like some dodo, got you're begging for more
It's a trip, I'm serving on the solo
Low blow, I had you feeling me
I got some C-O-N-V-O for your community
I'm still in a fast lane state of mind
Time is impossible, for me to try to find
I'm out of school on the line
Hustling here and there, never show no fear
Hosted it up on a watch, I posted it up with a glock
PCH in atlantic, is what you see just don't panic
It's me, Snoop rocks and when my homies get static
Got a pistol that blasts like a cannon
Look out for when we form at the wall, nigga where you standing?
Raise up, realize, street lights magnify
Life is giving; don't let it pass you by
I'm here and there with the bud, conversating with the drink
Shocked in my own zone, got time to think
Cause what would I be, if I wasn't who I am
Maybe dead or in jail, maybe time'll never tell
Approach me wrong and you will get chin checked
To disrespect my clique, and you will get dealt with
Uhh.. plain and simple, nevertheless with the best shit available
Test me now, let me see how brave you are
I'm scott free, so it's on like it used to be
D-O-G-G P-O-U-N-D G-C, for life, two times 'til I die
Oh why, Oh why, life is a challenge when you die?
What's the peak for me, is the cash and the strap
Since the 2-1-3 days been like that
Feeling very playish, ha.. I mean very plash
And the bitches saying: why shouldn't he?
Yeah he should; doing what he does and he does it good
He goes to work, yeah, he does it good
On pavement or dirt, checking the skirt
The story of a Pimp's Life, yeah baby
You gotta have the stomach for this shit, Hoo weeee
To fuck with this, the story of a Pimp's Life
Ohh yes baby, honey suckle to a berry
Got to check; the traps, got to check the dollars
Got a doctorate from the street called: Peace Mack of Diamond Net
A scholar with my niggaz from the underground
I heard him speak but then a saw his face
I knew we was the one because I dreamt this day
I was such a beginner on this thing called love
And now he's going away and now I'm torn apart, so torn apart
You're one of them, you see me swear
You pullin' triggers let you slide another day
Say goodbye to the one that got away
Her lips for the very first thing that I saw
She threw like an angel and that made want some more
My reputation says I'm there from now
And now she's going away and now I'm so torn apart, so torn apart
You're one of them, you see me swear
You pullin' triggers let you slide another day
Say goodbye to the one that got away
Never let you give up
But I should've let you got away
Got away, got to find another way
Never let 'em get away
Gotta find a way to stay
Never let 'em get away
Never let 'em get away
You never let her go
You never let her go
You see me?
You hear me?
Ye
You're one of them, you see me swear
You pullin' triggers let you slide another day
Say goodbye to the one that got away
What's happenin y'all? Big Snoop Dogg
Shootin a shout out to all the lil' rascals out there man
The lil' homies, y'knahmsayin?
Niggaz keep talkin they ain't gon' grow up to be shit
Don't trip, I used to be a lil' rascal too
Look at this lil' rascal now!
Yeah, the lil' rascal done became the Big Snoop Dogg
Follow your dreams lil' homies
Ah check one bopper! Yeah
We goin back, to the hip-hop shop, non-stop baby
A-ha ha ha ha, yeahhh
Where all the deejays use the turntables, like Glocks
A-ha ha ha ha, ahhhhh
We just havin fun, and nobody gets shot!
Now we movin on, to hip-hop and funk
Where Snoop & Bootsy usin music and lyric
To spike yo' punchberry
Ah yeah bopper!
Ah heavens to all blitz (all out blitz)
I don't know your name but uhhh
I think I want a kiss, yeah
I know you're fine, like the wine I drink
(And you may not get a second chance)
(To make a first impression)
So take the opportunityyyyyyy!
Yeah, I pop these parties like I pop emcees
Never need a ride cause I carry my own keys
And if you wanna hang with us
Tell 'em it's all good baby
All we do around here is uhh
Play with our toys, up in the hood
Swing down, and get that frown off your face
Now all we do around here is uhh
Party in the place!
Swing dowwwwwwwwn
Let me hear y'all say it - PARTY IN THE PLACE!
PARTY IN THE PLACE!
That's all we do around here baby
We're 'bout to slow things dowwwn
PARTY IN THE PLACE!
(You know that's how I do)
Get that frown off your face
PARTY IN THE PLACE!
I'm just sippin on Gin & Juice
Tryin to catch up with Mother Goose
Yeah she got that golden egg
And now she trippin all in my head
Ahh Snoopadelic boppers!
Yo, hold on hold on hold on hold on
Stop the cameras, stop the press stop the press
Now Bill, this yo' nigga, Snoop Dogg
Now answer me this - did you fuck that bitch or what?
That's actually, not the first time that question's been asked; but
since, I believe, and I think any person - reasonable person would
believe, that that is not covered, in the definition of sexual
relations I was given - ahh - I'm not going to answer it except to
refer to my statement. I had intimate, contact with her that was
inappropriate - I do not believe any of the contacts I had with
her violated the definition I was given; therefore I believe I
did not, do anything but testify truthfully on these matters.
What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie sometimes?
What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie..hie..
What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie sometimes?
What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie..hie..
Lies, lies, stories and alibis
Big Mac in the land of the small fries
Everyone lies and tries to get by
Some of us drink while most just get high
You tryin to cover up the holes in your sneakers
You need to put your motherfuckin face to the speakers (ba-bom, ba-bom)
And quit tryin to run from it (holla holla at me)
and c'mere, you big dummy (dumb ass nigga)
Don't you know you can't run from the Dizzogg
I'm down with (?)za, the long arm of the lizzaw
Y'all, niggaz know what's happening you turn your back again
and I'm bound to get it crack-a-lin I'm back again
And everybody happy for me - ain't that the truth?
That's a motherfuckin lie (fuck that fool)
Black folks stick together til we die, hmm
That'll be the day..
Liar, liar, pants on fire
Smoke so much dope they call me Snoopy Pryor (well God damn!)
Which way is up I'm tryin to get higher
I won't stop puffin til I re-tire
My bitches, my niggaz, they off the wire
They love-ly, they love me, call me Sire
Movie star bitches the ones you desire
Angela Bassett, Tyra, Mariah, the flyest, the flyer
See most bitches like fuckin with a rider
Slider, to the sider, invite her
to a gangsta, party, provider
with a lot of meat by-products (mm)
And beat the puddy-pot and got up
She licked the dick from the top to the bottom
(woo woo woo woo) (That's a bad bitch!)
Then she grabbed me by my nuts, and said "Hmm I got 'em!"
Ah what's the use of the truth
if you can't tell a lie sometimes?
No, uh-uh excuse me wait baby treat yo' cash
And remind me when we get home to get goin
and crack my whip and pack yo' shit
befo' I 92.3 The Beat yo' ass!
Naw bitch look at me when I talk to you
I checked the bitch and said, "Ah-hah some shit?
No ub-uh, shut up, you gon' do what I tell you to do!"
Now name three motherfuckers you can call.. you cain't
One pimpin that, two pimpin that, three pimpin that
That bitch got off! (Say what my nigga Suga Free, what you say?)
Snoop say what? (Huh?) I said
I'm pimpin that, you pimpin that, she pimpin that
That bitch does all!
Naw, pimpin ain't easy (pimpin ain't easy)
But hoein ain't hard no (hoein ain't hard no)
Baby you gon' have to hoe (hoe hoe hoe)
Or lady I'ma have to go (see ya, see ya!)
Suga Free, bitch that don't stand for some old nice ass nigga
tryin to get some pussy and you tryin to get some of this dick free
I'm live ta be a old-ass pimp with cataracts
Reminscin on regular park trees with the homies
and slappin bitches in Cadillacs
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!  Heyyy
Now check me, I'm in a helluva situation
I got LOVE for the homegirl but it ain't no escapin
Now I've been waitin fo' the chance fo' me to do my thang
Cause when I GO OUT baby, I GO OUT with a bang! (bang bang)
Thursday night, 'bout to hang out at the House of Blues
Fresh attire, new shoes, plus a new, hairdo, WHOO!
I'm mesmerized by the music that they bump in the club
I see my homegirl man (whas' happenin, whas' up?)
lookin like he need some love
And everytime I see him, he been givin me the eye
Cause he my type and I'm his type and plus we love to ride
Imagine that, off we left
Hot sweat hot sex it ain't like we just met (ahh, yeah, yeah)
Why she trust me?  Since his girl went on a little trip
I made his sweat drip, he made me strip
It ain't my fault he in a fucked up relationship
That just go to show, you never know who you dealin with
Love over friendship, that's why I live my life trustless, yeah
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!  Heyyy
Hmm, I spent the night at the homie's house, shit
Slept in his livingroom, on his couch
Nigga high'n a motherfucker burnt out (shit)
Before you know it, god damn, the homie chirped out (damn!)
And he ain't said shit, he just dip in his Seville as he peel
Left me at the pad with his girl, damn, what the deal?
Now baby got a gown on, gettin her clown on
As she slid downstairs, now she takin me down home
Cheatin in the next room in the homeboy's bedroom
Am I wrong?  Shit, on and on and on and on
Now what am I to do if you was me and I was you
His baby momma in my face, she shakin poo-poo, what would you do?
Trust is a motherfuckin loco, shit
and so is temptation, and I don't know what I'ma do
Come on through (come on through) so I can cum on you (cum on you)
Shit if the homey knew (if the homey knew) if the homey knew
(if the homey knew)
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
Hey now
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!
Can't trust me, whatcha say now?
Mo heezee up in this motherfucker Dogg
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much
Believe!
Trust is a motherfucker
You can't trust, whatcha say now?
Don't trust, no bitch
I wish you wouldn't trust me so much!  Heyyy
Whatcha say?
Trust in no bitch-ass niggaz
Whatcha say now?  Can't trust
Nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah
Whatcha say now?
Nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah
Whatcha say now?
Nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah
Can't trust, whatcha say now?
Nah-na-na-nah-nah, nah-na-na-nah-nah
Come on yeah..
We been holding back to motherfukin long
Nigga fuck the dumb shit
It's time to represent nigga
It's time to represent nigga
It's time to let you niggas know man
I'm the conscious in the toolbox that's coming for the carpenter
I'm the mirror and the comb clipping the scissors that come from the
barber they think i'm the godfather
I'm one of the brand new number 2 pencils out the pencil sharpener
I'm the scarlet water out the delta faucet
I'm the rhyming I'm the artist
I'm vomit in the toilet
I'm the comet when it charges
I'm the drama in New Orleans
I'm the vegetables that grow in the garden
All the weeds, dope,coke and alcohol at the parties
I'm the M.I.C.H.A.E.L Tyler
I'm the loud blackka, blackka, wakka, wakka coming from behind yah
I'm the stitches of the shirt that make the polo man trill inside the
Timberland
I'm the bells on trigger man
Who? me that's who
I'm the voice in the microphone coming from the booth
I'm the ground when you think
I'm the file on the shank
I'm the pile in the bank
I'm the round off the tank
I'm that nigga Mystikal
And I'm the Dogg
That's that nigga
I like to hustle and ball
We them niggas
Yeah tru tank dogs
They them niggas
You don't want to fuck wit at all
Knuckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga
If you sleeping I'm sneaking buckle up nigga
Knuckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga
If you sleeping I'm trippin buckle up nigga
I'm in a club in New Orleans
Just got finished eating a batch of chicken wings with some collard
greens
I'm down south in the house straight turning it out
Got bitches in my face and I can slap they mouth
With  all the shit that they be tweaking
Nigga be speaking
Game leaking, but I'm streaking
Snoop Dogg ain't leaking
My game tough and tight
See ain't nothing like
This G-shit nigga
LBC shit nigga
I'm feeling I'ma fall of in this club tonight
Where my old lady at, I'm trying to find a fight
In this motherfucker mad drunk, stupid and shit
Ready to take off on this moteherfuckin' trick ass bitch
Old pussy ass nigga looking at me strange
like he don't know what gang i claim
I'ma doggpound gangsta till i fall off the planet
God damnit, don't take it for granted biatch
Biatch get your ming right mind right, get your mind right repeat
Boot up, or shut up
Pussy ass nigga
Put your set up,or shut up
bitch ass nigga  repeat
Where they at ho repeat
Oh shit is, is that Snoop over there?  Oh shit
Fuck that nigga bitch.  My name is Sam Sneed you betta recognize
Aiyyo, aiy, I'm sorry, I just love that nigga he is so fine
Man fuck that nigga
His music is so fuckin dope
Hey look Sam man, I gotta go pee I'll be right back aight
Yeah aight
Yeah yeah I'm just slidin you know
Get this Henny tap in my vein
Yo Snoop whassup Snoop?
Ay, hold up, yo
Hey, how you doin?
Whas happenin?
Yo Snoop you know I just love your shit you are just so fine to me
Aiyyo bitch, bring your black ass back over
What the fuck's wrong with you?
Yo whas happenin is that your nigga or somethin?
Look check this shit out that nigga he don't run me OK?
I'm talkin to you that's all
Yeah whassup nigga?  What the fuck's wrong with you?
Yo nigga whas happenin fool?
You know the name of the game, your bitch chose me
Nigga we can handle this like some gentlemen
or we can get into some gangsta shit
So whassup nigga?
Have it your motherfuckin way
Well whassup?
That's whassup nigga
Up jump tha boogie to the bang bang boogie
while you're bangin on ya baby OG's
That's why I flip the script to the boogie bang homey
If I'm hangin it's with DPG
Some do the things that they do cos they dumb
and some do the things that they do for crumbs
I do mine for me ya see?
Not the big homey double O-G
Scared to do your own work, man that's fast
and that's the reason why I had to shoot you down
because you never should've tried to work my Dogg
and the lil homey wouldn't had no reason to bump
Y'all know the game ain't the same no mo'
Lil G's keep heat so big G's freeze, geez!
Johnny Rockafella went to jail-er
few many times too many and became a teller
They sell a nigga dreams if he want em
but they won't sell you the game to get up on em
Ya tryin ta find em cos you want em, they shook out
Get the book out and when the pitch come, nigga look out
it ain't hard to pump up the lil homies nigga
but it's hard for your bitch ass to get wit us
But it's steel, you put it in their head
that at 13 they better off dead (now they gone)
Aiyo Snoop, why would niggas get into the bracket
and make a loot, niggas want trip
Spittin like "you spoke beef from the hood
Show me love nigga or don't show me shit"
Feel the fever, million dollar male like Cole Severs
Made a non-believin man into a believer
Receive a cheque the next day, my homies say
"it's the way to get paid", DP's and pay
I don't know why you wanna get on my back? (why?)
Trippin cos you know the bomb's at where I'm at
Well if that's the case you shoulda roll
wit the PG instead of losing control (motherfucker)
This is how we do, Dogg Pound Gangstas in blue
Me, D-A-Z, N-A-T-E and Snoop
Niggas from Seth be tryin to set you cos you settin your ways
so ask DJ Pooh what pays
Just what we need, bangin on wax another trip
What you gon' do nigga, jack the mothership?
You're like a actor wit another script
Predictable as Rambo wit another clip
How many niggas you gon' kill in your verse?
You need to sit down and learn to get down first
cos, uhh, real hoo-bangers are toast-slangers
not part-time FBI singers
Niggas havin bad intentions, sendin BG's on a mission
One move too many, nigga you missin
Listen you fuck wit the cyco-lic-no
loony ass nigga from your H-doubleO-D
Niggas got too flossy from all the sex they tossin
but guess what it cost em, they crossin me
But before I give a nigga a 9
I'd rather give a nigga a mic and write him a rhyme
Every dog has his day
Another thirty nine inch thick classic (yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah)
Girl, as i sit here thinking to myself
There is no one for you but me, and i mean that
And i think about all the things we've been through
Like arguing and fighting for example
You know the love we have for each other
It tends to out weigh what do to another
Ya know my granddaddy use to always say
Ya know he used to say it like this
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
What up motherfuckers? this is snoop dogg
Im trying to figure out how the fuck im gonna do y'all
Hanging with my homie from the turf, thats young q-ball
Giving me the word from the street, heres the scoop y'all
The niggaz from the eastsidaz split up (split up)
And one of 'em tried to fuck yo' shit up (what?)
Naw cuz, dont believe that, thats my nigga for life
Im out with the bullshit, im in wuth the real shit
Im at the church doing work, spittin game from the pulpit
Now thats the bidness, and god is my witness
L-B-C-2-1-3 hell yeah, we in this
Its so relentless, and all my dogs up against the life sentence
I love y'all, like i love no bitch, and thats real shit
Or some CRIP shit, homie dig this
There will be,ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be,ups and downs,smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be,ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
I used to have a lot broads that i doont fool with
I used to have a lot of homeboys i aint cool with
A lotpeople that a nigga used to go to school with
Happy as hell to see the big dog doin it
But what none of them would believe though (what?)
That i would be bigger the kurtis blow
I guess he was right, these are the breaks
Despite my mistakes and aches, im gettin' cake
To realize your fate through faith, (through faith)
Cause we all gonna get that day (for what)
To see if our lives was straight
And to see if we gonna walk through thosse pearly gates (yeah?)
To see the man upstairs, on some real talk homie
I'm tired of being stuck here
If i could i would fly to the moon (zoom)
Y'all probably think im trippin off deeze mushrooms (i know)
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be, ups and downs, smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
There will be, ups and downs,
Smiles and frowns
Share with me, fairy tales or make believe
Now as i think back to the words my granddaddy used to say
I never seen him in church, but he always had the word
He would always tell me! sometimes you gotta take the good with the bad
You gotta do bad in order to do good
YEAH! Aight Bigg Dogg
It's 'bout that time
You got a cup or bottle or blunt in your hand
Follow directions please
Let's, GO!
Put 'em on up - and turn them thangs upside down
Said put 'em on up - and turn them thangs upside down
Put 'em on up - and turn them thangs upside down
(What?) Upside down (what?) Upside down
Mm... the Boss in the buildin
Try to turn it on you get offed in this buildin
Higher than a muh, gettin lost in the feelin
Motherfuck the law, I got a ball for the chil'ren
Nigga - drunk than a bitch though
'Fore I hit the spot I had a bottle full of Cisco
Ate the kush and a model in a trenchcoat
A Crip with a lot of cash, check on how the wrist roll
Baby saw it in my eyes and she knew that I was lookin at her
Ain't a chance to get her, I can M-I crooked letter
If she with a nigga I'ma steal her, yeah a crook'll have her
throwin up the E once the D get to cookin in her (Eastside!)
Yeah - so what's it gon' be?
Golden black Joe Clark, H.N.I.C.
Regulatin on any hatin I see
Some'n good in your hands then repeat after me
Put 'em on up - and turn them thangs upside down
Said put 'em on up - and turn them thangs upside down
Put 'em on up - and turn them thangs upside down
(What?) Upside down (what?) Upside down
Put 'em on up - and turn them thangs upside down
FUCK IT UP! And turn them thangs upside down
FUCK IT UP! And turn them thangs upside down
FUCK IT UP! Upside down - FUCK IT UP! Upside down
FUCK IT UP!
Yea, yea
Damn fool, you could see it in my face though
I'm shittin, I'm shittin what I ate hoe
Fuck that, I'm drinkin 'til I throw up
Turn like a mug, c'mon whole hood showed up
Bang to the boogie, keep a thang in my Dungarees
Bailin through the Eastside, feelin like a younger G
Eatin like a muh, but I'm so so hun-g-ry
I dare one of these young dumb fucks to try and fuck with me
Fucka - I'm back to the party
Marley, Bacardi, shawty, gnarly
Becky, and Vicky, beggin me to give me hickeys
Through my Dickies
Lil' mama tryin to show the Dogg her G-string
while she sang ain't "Nuthin' But a 'G' Thang"
A nigga throwin signs tryin to let me know that he bang
Like I give a motherfuck what he claim
Ay - your nigga better chill doggy
'Fore I treat him like a old bitch and menopause him
I'll stop your ass right there
I swear had homies on your head like hair
Homie I ain't thinkin, I'm too busy drinkin
Plumber of the month, mami show me where your sink is
So I can get to uncloggin
I hope that lil' cat ready for this Bigg Dogg and WOOF!
Pause... pause... pause...
Look, I'm just a young nigga in the biz with mo' enemies than friends
Get no money goin out, but I got it comin in
And nah, I ain't a G but every day that's what I spend
I get paid to drop a verse, for 16 I need ten
End.. all the speculation
Them pre-conceived notions got me over-compensatin
And for you slow niggaz that mean not been concentratin
I'm shittin on these records while you rappers constipated
Uhh, it's get money, fuck haters
Me and hip-hop is like Chucks and blue laces
Me and Snoop Dogg is Sir Charles and King David
With Problem we all ballin like the '09 Lakers
Yeah, it's Terrance Martin on the track
And I'm that young nigga droppin crack back-to-back
My album on the way and I ain't worried 'bout the stats
But I could tell you how the streets gon' react
They gon' say
Can you feel it, nothing can save ya
For this is the season of catching the vapors
Since I got time, what I'm gonna do
Tell ya how it's spreading throughout my crew
What you want on Nate Dogg
Who sings on my records, 'Never Leave Me Alone'
'Ain't No Fun', now check it
Back in the days before Nate Dogg would get it
He used to try to holler at this girl named Pam
The type of female wit fly Gucci gear
She wore a big turkish wole wit a weave in her hair
When they tried to kick it, she'd always fess
Talkin about baby please she wrought his service stress
Since he wasn't no type of big chronic dealer
The homie Nate Dogg didn't appeal to her
But now he wear boots that match with his suits
And push a Lexus Coupe that's extra cheap
And now she stop flautin and won't it speakin
Be comin round the Pound every single weekend
to get his beeper number she be beggin please
Dyin for the day to eat these
She caught the vapors
She caught the vapors
I got a little cousin that's kinda plain
He bring the heeb wit tha beep for the Dogg Pound gang
A mellow type of fellow best laid back
But back in the day he wasn't nuthin like that
I remember when he used to scrap every day
When my auntie would tell him he would never obey
He wore his khakis hangin down wit his starks untied
And a blue and grey cap that said the Eastside
Around my neighborhood tha people treated him bad
Said Daz was the worst thing his mom ever had
They said he grow up to be nuttin but a gangsta
Or be there in jail or some other shaker
But now he's grown up to be a surprise
D-A-Z got a hit record slangin world wide
Now the same people that didn't like him as a child
Bought the Dogg Food, Doggfather, and Doggystyle
They caught the vapors
They caught the vapors
I got another homie from tha L-B-C
Known ta yall as D.J. Warren G
He cut grass trasform wit finesse
......... and all that mess
I remember when we first started to rap
He tried to get this job at Calvin's record shop
He was in it to win it, but the boss front and said
Sorry Warren G but there's no help wanted
Now my homie Warren still tried
On and on and on til the like break of dawn
To work at tha V-I-P would be the link
But they looked right past him so my homie straight dip
Now for the year after Regulate
Warren G is havin papers so my homies write straight
He walked into the same record shop as before
And the boss be like Warren welcome to my store
Offerin him a job but nah he don't want it
Damn it feels good to see people love Warren
Cause I remember when at first they wasn't
Now guess what they call sessy bussin
the vapors
They caught vapors
I got to talk bout me now
Last subject of tha story is about Snoop Dogg
I had to work for mine to show I was a true hog
When I was a teenager I tried to be down
And since they wasn't tryin to hear me I made the Dogg Pound
I saw a crew on 2-1 street
and said, 'Can I be down champ?' They said
no, and treated me like a wet food stamp
after gettin rejected, I ain't runnin upset
I said, 'What's a Dogg do to?'  Rhymes at rates
When I used to go to parties, they make me wait
What I have to get on the mic to set M-C straight
I ain't never love no hoe since I'm listenin to my music
They acted like I wanted to keep hangin with the juzi
But now things switched from West to East
Short Dogg do ya remember me from 21st street G?
'We used to see Daz, back in the day'
It happens all the time, so brother don't be amazed
You caught the vapors
You caught the vapors
You got the papers
I was chilling, right around my way,
21st Eastside at a beach,
This motherfucker ran up on me,
Talking shit wit his homies like he was
A straight...
G!
Asking where I'm from while he running up, Gangbang my set’ll nag one of them,
Some things, sons they just won’t change,
Fools dont respect nothing but the gang bang,
What's seen is what's sawn, Dogg is the law,
I hate you niggas running like a marathon, Lil G's tryna creep on the east wit it,
Talking bout they gon get my chain and they gon leave with it.
But they dont know, once they get close its tic tac toe,
3 motherfuckers laid on the floor (Watch out),
Yea this happened yesterday, on the West they
Spray,
I Heard an Ese Say...
He said..
Vato you won't believe what they saw,
I saw these pack a guys and they act real hard... (And what they do?)
They twisted fingers say you know who we are...
He said: I dont give a fuck I’m Snoop Doggy Dogg ... (Ah huh)
They kept fucking and it went too far,
So Snoopy he went straight to the trunk of his car (And what he get?),
he got his gun and they start running hard,
he started firing and then he just charged...
PLOW!!!
Run Nigga, Run Nigga (Plow)
Duck Nigga, Duck Nigga (Plow)
Run Motherfucker, Run (Plow)
Run Motherfucker, Run (Plow)
I didn't mean to hit what I hit
Now that's 3 motherfuckers dead, and I ain't seen shit
But these niggas a scream wit plea but for like a G like me it’s just a case
Believe and you can see
I crack the mac back and pop off rolling
And smack your neck back, you drop off falling
I haven't seen my mama in a week
And she ain't even ran her mouth about me
Fuck that I ain't give a fuck about the law
Niggas say they wanna brawl
You would think that they wore bra’s
Believe in all the things that you never saw
In it y’all, been a Dogg, smoke you like a menathol
You think you know? But this can't go
You think you’ll blow, all my dough?
What the fuck, no
See these niggas proceed with speed
So feel the need to bleed
All you hear my enemies going
Vato you won't believe what they saw,
I saw these pack a guys and they act real hard... (And what they do?)
They twisted fingers say you know who we are...
He said: I dont give a fuck I’m Snoop Doggy Dogg ... (Ah huh)
They kept fucking and it went too far,
So Snoopy he went straight to the trunk of his car (And what he get?),
he got his gun and they start running hard,
he started firing and then he just charged...
PLOW!!!
Run Nigga, Run Nigga (Plow)
Duck Nigga, Duck Nigga (Plow)
Run Motherfucker, Run (Plow)
Run Motherfucker, Run (Plow)
I wouldn't be the nigga that I am
If I didn't pop niggas in their mouth.
God Damn
If Snoop a keep a foot on the streets
And lead and cover the sheets
Run wit them niggaz wit the heat
You never seen a thug like this
You never seen a dub like me
And I ain't weak for wanting peace in fact
I could be beast of the East motherfucker.
I never hesitate to blaze
A nigga really tryna change his ways
We gotta move my team cuz my people’s
Are screaming that we need more for fun or is it legal (With a bang)
On this song make it feel like a drive-by
It's ashame but somebody gotta die
They say it happens state to state
But when I'm mobbin’ LA
All I hear the Ese’s say they go
Vato you won't believe what they saw,
I saw these pack a guys and they act real hard... (And what they do?)
They twisted fingers say you know who we are...
He said: I dont give a fuck I’m Snoop Doggy Dogg ... (Ah huh)
They kept fucking and it went too far,
So Snoopy he went straight to the trunk of his car (And what he get?),
he got his gun and they start running hard,
he started firing and then he just charged...
PLOW!!!
Run Nigga, Run Nigga (Plow)
Duck Nigga, Duck Nigga (Plow)
Run Motherfucker, Run (Plow)
Run Motherfucker, Run (Plow)
Snoop Dogg ‘em was gun shots,
Skateboard P they say ‘em was gun shots
DPG them was gun shots
BBC you know them was gun shots
Come again now
Snoop Dogg ‘em was gun shots
Skateboard P you know ‘em was gunshots
Come again now
BBC them was gun shots
DPGC you know them was gunshots
Come again now
Wannabe’s, Wannabe’s,
Gangsters, Hustlers, Killers, Riders, Rappers, Singers, Real G’s
Wannabe’s!
Wanna dress like, wanna talk like us
Wanna be like, wanna walk like us
Nigga used to be soft, now you wanna be tough
Used to be in your video, shaking like Ugh?!
You motherfuckers be doing too much
Wanna be hating now you wanna be us
I ought a really be clapping at ya’ll but instead I’m straight laughing at ya’ll
Then a nigga had the nerve to say fuck snoop dogg
Cuz got a perm and he just brought a coupe ya’ll
Tattooed L.B.C. on him and every little G in the streets want in
They talking about Cuz ain’t from the set,
And when they catch him in the hood, he gon get checked
Young G you better be where you say you’re from,
Where you from Cuz?? Wannabe’s!
Niggaz gon hit you up, what it do Crip?
Niggaz want everything, even your bitch!
Used to be jewelry, and just your whip
Nowadays everybody is in it for the chips
My Grandmamma living in the south, understand me she even had to tell me what it’s about
Say the white kids on the block wanna get a flex, say they love me like Elvis, ain’t that a bitch?
Wannabe’s, Wannabe’s,
Gangsters, Hustlers, Killers, Riders, Rappers, Singers, Real G’s
Wannabe’s!
You Niggaz wannabe’s I was raised by these streets
Ex D-boy I did my thang in these streets
Went out of towns on so many licks
On Everything I love, wrapped so many bricks
Catch me in the coupe with my hat sitting low
In a rental car wit the mac and the snow (haha)
Or In a prizewinner wit the mac and the blow
A half a mil a trip and I put that on Crip
Inglewood homies and they so Piru
And So a nigga love every time I come through
The big homie told me Go on get em Nephew
Make it do what it do, these niggaz ain’t you
No wordplay, ad-libbed yo, yeaaaah!
Outta line, pull a half clip yo
Send em back to the lab, a lot of braggin’ going on
Try and sound like ya boy, a lotta bank going ***
Just one problem, that ain’t your life
Nigga just two problems, that ain’t your ice
Told ya’ll Niggaz and I showed ya’ll niggaz
Fuck around and make me expose ya’ll niggaz
Who me? I went rock for rock, then I stacked it all up and went block to block
They got that Yayo money, lay low money, cold blooded killer better pay yo money
You say you are, yet you not what you say you are
You don’t know who you are, you gon do it, I did it in crisis
Barry wanted to be white, Marvin was gay, Gladys chose a pimp
Nigga you fell in love with a tramp, Not the baddest bitch,
Half of a gangster started this sucker’s dream,
You spoke up when you should shut up
With them eleven dollar words coming out of your two dollar mouth
About a multimillion dollar Crip, that’ll smack the protein and the gingivitis out your lips
Little boy you don’t retrospect nothing, you better respect the 5 star guerilla crip
With bars and stars and more stripes than a zebra and a Siberian tiger
While you kiss that man who never fucked your mama, call him Pa!
This is the sickest shit I ever saw, what part of the game is that
You can’t make a tramp a champ, even if you put on a stamp
She still wouldn’t be worth a crying dime, or a blue nickel or a screaming quarter
When it comes to this game, lil nigga you totally out of order
I said, It don’t matter what you say or what you doing?
Whatever your G file may be? If it comes out that you’s a homosexual
That your snitching, you can ride the army, jack the navy, handcuff the marines
Your G File is a sponge
Yeah .. niggas wanna take care of these hoes
Niggas wanna control these hoes
You can't control these bitches
These is independent bitches these years
You can't understand the 2000 in here?
Motherfuckers wanna put they mack down
Wanna put they soder down
Let a bitch do what she wanna do
If she chose to ride wit a G
Then let her ride wit a G
The bitch don't wanna sit back and be a housewife all the time
Let the ho be what she wanna be
A real slut, and let the ho get on and make her money
You understand? I got a homey sittin' by me
Understand this nigga don't understand because he's a young nigga
You know what I'm sayin'? I'm been in the game since '85
And I know a ho don't do nothin', wanna play a nigga like 9 to 5, alright
YIKES, Shabba dabble do  I can dig it baby, you know
Because these hoes, they can't be controlled
You gotta find 'em, spot 'em, send 'em, get em, got 'em, you know
It wasn't (uh uh) your fault (it wasn't your fault)
You was only tryin' to be nice (tryin' be nice)
Only tryin to be nice, ohh (can't be nice to these hoes)
You know you can't control these hoes (no, no, no)
You know you can't control these hoes (can't control these hoes)
You know you can't control these hoes
What she do, she jumped out of her sleep and left the pad at a quarter to two
That's on you, you shoulda put your foot in her ass, like a pimp's supposed to do
But instead of goin' 'upside da head'
You bought her a 5 karat wit your bread
And then she went and gave her homeboy Ted some head
I ain't tellin' on her, I'm just sayin', what you do
When your bitch out of bounds and you don't know what to do
What we do, we check 'em from the gate, to keep a bitch straight
It's on you, see you can take her out and buy her all types of things
You's a fool, cause when she leave you, for what he do
You'll see fool
Me and you, that's what you thought 'til your ass got caught
Shame on you, and now I understand why my momma used to tell me that
Ain't that true, you can't make a queen out a motherfuckin' hoodrat
Game on you, cause now you back at your momma house
And you sleepin' on tha copeasack
What's she do, I gave her the keys to my '74 Cadillac
Say it ain't true, she let a nigga drive it, ask tha homie Battlecat
Whatchu do, put my foot in her ass and mashed tha gas
You know me, and ever since that day my nigga, I've been P I M P
Thats your boo, but she know every nigga in the Roc-A-Fella Crew
That's on you, baby blow too much, I mean she know too much
That's my boo, it's all about who she did and where she been
I love you, you shouldn't a told her that, you should a smacked her flat
Shame on you (shame on you), your so in love you fittin' to get a tattoo
That ain't cool (that ain't cool), love is blind and no friend of mine
If I was you, I'd a packed her bags and bust anotha bitch thats bad
Game got rules, if you lose a ho, you gotta gain a ho
Yo, this next record right here, is a dedication
This dedicated to those, who've come to an end
Quit like Gladys Knight...
You know neither one of us wants
to be the first one to say goodbye
So, hopefully this record will help you
Get to the conclusion, ya dig?
I love this girl but I don't know about her
.As a matter of fact, I could go without her
But she got my daughter, I don't know why I bother
to try to make it work when she make it so harder
Wake up and break up and do the same thing tomorrow
I get tired of fightin', I feel no sorrow
for you, to keep it movin' in that Monte Carlo
That's what I get for fuckin' with a video model
Waste of time, waste of time, waste of time
Go your way and I'll go mine
I'm alright, I'm alright, I'll be alright
Go your way and I'll go mine
You don't love me, you just love my Doggystyle
I used to put it on yo' ass, you ain't had it in a while
Instead of crackin' smiles, you'd rather cramp a nigga style
You act too wild, I won't walk you down the aisle
What you thought? Yeah, we could chill, we could talk
When I look you in your eyes I no longer see sparks
So it's, best we go our seperate ways and stay apart
No more me and you boo, I done had a change of heart
Waste of time, waste of time, waste of time
Go your way and I'll go mine
I'm alright, I'm alright, I'll be alright
Go your way and I'll go mine
Waste of time, waste of time, waste of time
Go your way and I'll go mine
I'm alright, I'm alright, I'll be alright
Go your way and I'll go mine
I'm not sayin' I don't got love for you
But I'm not in love with you
(I'm just not in love with you baby)
I'm not sayin' I don't got love for you
But I'm not in love with you
And feels like such a...
Waste of time, waste of time, waste of time
Go your way and I'll go mine
I'm alright, I'm alright, I'll be alright
Go your way and I'll go mine
Waste of time, waste of time, waste of time
Go your way and I'll go mine
I'm alright, I'm alright, I'll be alright
Go your way and I'll go mine
Sorry it had to end this way
But uh, it is what it is
I'm alright, don't worry about me
I'm cool, ha ha, yeah
You go your way and I'll go mine
Real talk, I'm cool, I ain't even trippin'
I'ma roll out with Raphael
Yeah, fo sho, I'ma roll with him
I'm cool, you go your way, I go mine
I guess I'll see ya next lifetime
See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya
My goodness my gracious shell toe Adidas with the fat blue laces
Hand full of aces trumped up dump trunk white wall paces
Drink til you drop motherfucker cop
Old English 800 on the block
Way before St. Ide's came to the spot
Niggas used to hang out and do the pop lock
And if we got into some shit we never pop shots
We'd squab scrap whatever it was
And live to talk about it and we get old cause
And keep a pack of zig zags for that good old bud
We do a house party what the fuck is a club
And the ese's they sold most of the drugs
La familia hell and
We get money yeah and we do low ride
Represent it and talk nope no not I
That's the code in every hood that you roam
Fastest way to catch a hot slug in your dome
O.G. the place that I call home
Black Lac like that and it's sitting on chrome
Plaque in back strap in Lac
Antennas wake you up for a rat trying to set a new trap
Swinging the track dripping curl juice on your back
Breaking hearts like Roger and Zapp motherfucker
Back in the day it was cheaper to keep her
Hang out with your friends and smoking the reefer
Pound for pound we were the baddest in town
You just had to get up for the get down
Some say we the next generation
But we lack education
drinking mad dog 20/20
Silver satin blue Kool Aid sagging in my Dickies
I got my loccs on sailing through my neighborhood
Catch you slipping on them bricks it ain't all good
Front door kicker Glock spitter
Black and gold flag across my face when I get you
3 wheeler tipping turning up the Alpine
while I listen to the grapevine
blue Crips all by the front door
East side rip riding gang banging all I know
Heart break hotel hush puppy neck kicker
I grew up on that crazy one five nigga
If you locc from my block then hop something
And I ain't talking bout no peel nigga block hunting
Blue corduroys while I'm talking on my brick phone
14 years old had to bring the shit home
My uncle Sugar Bear showed me how to bag it up
Look at the block now nigga it's sewed up
I ain't playing with you old grand pubas
Peace out Rolando ran things with no
Now take a picture of this 8 ball sipper
Look down at my shoes blue strings nigga
Goldie Loc will keep this motherfucker crack-a-lackin
The only thing I wanna hear is gang bang rapping
Some say we the next generation
But we lack education
Hanging with the crew of devastation
Yeah but we one nation mama
Tally-ho and away we go
See you next week with a brand new show
When you funk around here ain't nothing consensual
You know I funk so hard you gonna need your parent's credential
Now I'm in the street cause I lost my sheep
But now I know where to find that
Now how cool is cold when you're trying to compete
Standing next to me son you better take a seat
Can't none of you cut throats funk like me
You better check with Snoop Dogg and get your pedigree
Why oh why do I think like that
If I am with the dog you must be a cat
Now tally-ho and away we go
See you next week with a brand new show
I want the bomb I want that O.G. back
There's a party going on in my head
While I think about the blood that we shed
Then party uh when the player play
There's a party going on up in here
Back in the day it was cheaper to keep her
Hang out with your friends and smoking the reefer
Pound for pound we were the baddest in town
You just had to get up for the get down
Some say we the next generation
But we lack education
Hanging with the crew of devastation
Yeah but we one nation mama
Hanging with the Snoopatronics bobba
Big Snoop Dogg
Can you be my doctor?
Can you fix me up?
Can you wipe me down?
So I can lick you up
Make you give it up, Give it up
Til you say my name
Like a jersey, jersey
shittin' down the game
Be my head coach
So you can put me in
And never take me off
Til you can taste the win
Do it again and again
Til you say my name
And by the way I'm so glad that you came
Tell me baby are you wet (wet, wet, wet, wet, wet)
I'm gonna get you wet (wet, wet, wet, wet, wet)
Tell tell me baby are you wet (wet, wet, wet, wet, wet)
I just wanna get you wet wet (wet, wet, wet, wet, wet)
Drip, drip, drip, drip, for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip,
Drip drip, drip, drip for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip
She's hot on a rainy day
Don't drown
Call me up
I can save you now
Lick your feet and kiss your mouth
Swisha sweet, I got you out
There's only one way we can stop the drought
Come with me take a trip down south
I can tell she's thirsty
I'm in the hole like a birdie
What you wanna do tonight
It's still early
Wanna get spewed tonight
She's all sturdy
I'm in between your lips
Like a cigarette
She wanna quit
But she wanna make it, make it, make it wet
I'm gonna get you wet
Tell tell me baby are you wet
I just wanna get you wet wet
Drip, drip, drip, drip, for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip,
Drip drip, drip, drip for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip
Can you, can you get me up?
Like I'm wait for the first class
So I can give it to you rough
Like a first draft
Would you like a paper plane
You know 'bout that paper babe
But fuck them dollar bills
Girl make it rain
holiday Inn, come
Meet me on the 8th floor
Damn it feels good but I feel bad for them maids though
But when I slip inside I turn girls into slip n slide
It's a flood in your heart love
Girl let me pop up in your hot tub
Every night every day
Sippin' on a different drink
Different chicks different days
I do it different ways
Where you going
What'd you say
I want her river flowing to another lake
Another ocean another ocean
On the beach on the beach
I'm bout to take a swim
Let let me dip my feet and get wet
I wanna get you wet
Tell tell me baby are you wet
I just wanna get you wet wet wet
Drip, drip, drip, drip, for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip,
Drip drip, drip, drip for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip
Yo Snoop nigga.
What's happenin?
I think I just seen the dog catcher around.
Nigga what?
It go a little somethin like this here.
Like this, woof woof.
Like this here, ya heard me?
Chorus
Watcha goin do when we come for you
If you a dog you better not run  (Uhhhhh!)
See I'm tired of being broke, I like to smoke
I love the west coast but I need a vacation bro
I took me a ride down south
I see the dog into bigger and better thing yall know what I'm talkin bout
The game is to be sold, not to be told
I'm a No Limit soldier and I'm off parole
Nigga, let's put the pieces to the puzzle
Now, every nigga that you hate would hate your cousin or your brother
Nigga, let's keep it real
Keep your eyes on your enemies cause some niggas kill
And the bitches, they'll break ya
Keep your dick in your pants nigga, cause they'll play ya
Keep your dogs in the house
Trill niggas from the street (woof woof) know what I'm talkin bout
Never bite the hand that feeds you
Cause you never know when your dog might need you
Went from halves to wholes, from wood to marble floors
Fuckin with hoodrats to top notch hoes
In my Rolls with the sunroof top
I told you hoes that Snoop Dogg won't stop
Tick tock, we got shit locked (say what)
Goddamn it feel good to be sittin on top
So let's toast to the gin and juice and champaigne
Welcome to my world and Snoop is the name
Nigga, and pass me the green sticky
We only fuckin with the real nigga, you aint gotta lie to kick it
Cause we aint picky if you lick it
Or stick it, girl is you down with this quicky
I gotta show to do in Europe and one in Japan
So when you see me on stage Snoop Dogg is the name
Nigga, yeah, that's real, huh
Whatch yall gonna do when we come for you
Kids get your parents permision befor.fore.befo.fo.before tryin' this,
Half of the hoes and the music goin bang
Everybody everybody yeh we all doin everything
So u kno wats happenin, there no need to pitty-pat
Dogg in this motherfucker, yeh I get da kitty-kat
Swervin on da one-ten blowin on some herb
One hand on the steerin wheel the other up her mini skirt
Tryna get some pussy while I'm pushin my wherree
Funny thing about it is that I'm fuck your bitch
Ok yo, hoe lay low, get mayo, like OJ yo, say hoe
Plug it in, pull it out, put it in, wat it is, that's wat it's all about
Now wat would I be if I let a punk motherfucker run up on me
I play chess checkmate him in the street, 32 fever off blast that's three
Swish swish fresh fish ain't that a bitch, like ray-jay I gotta run which
Look at the place I'm in, I never fuck superhead acam crawdashier
It's a discrace to yourself, dogg is the champ to the face with the belt
I'm undefeated, undisputed, persicuted, spaded and neutered; faded and booted
We got that chronic chronic, we got that yack yack for you
We got that chronic chronic, we got that yack yack for you
We got that chronic chronic, we got that yack yack for you
We got that chronic chronic, we got that wateva u do
Put ya hands in the sky, stick up, pick up piece of american pie
Wat kind of car do ya drive?
Suicide doors on the passenger side?
Do the windows roll down? do the doors lift high?
Do the car change colour when that bitch drive by?
I don't really know an I don't really care
Cause me and my money's like sonny and cher
Spend dow at the goochy store
I never spend dow on the coochy though
You can check it, I got a record in brazil
For runnin out and not payin the bitches
Juvinial delinquint, see when I speak dis
Move when I bleep dis
Lil nigga peep dis
Ya secrets is all exposed
If ya grew up on ma music
Ya mumma's one of ma hoes
Ya daddy's one of ma foe's
Ya granny's been to one of ma shows
It is contrary that my literachary
Is very nesesary, ya feel me?
An you can try to rewind it, define it
Deside it to a whole notha groove
Play it to anotha move
Hope ya go through
Cause ya won't strike two
With twelve jury's up your piers
You better hope they like you
Ain't no tellin wat they might do
So I'm gonna just stay out their mothafucka way view
Dippin in an outta town
Gotta get a hundred thou
Even if it's just for a setta
I been blessed by kings and kissed by queens
Even got a homie named prince akeem
Yes, I mean black diamonds
I can have anything, yep
There's twenty game
Even if I coulda of I would of never stopped
Started on the bottom, now they got him on the top
Sensation, big snoop dogg rattin number one in the nation
Top draft pick, always got a top bad bitch
Every time u see me, niggas wanna be me
It ain't that easy, it's still hard bein Snoop D O mothafucker double G
Believe me.
We got that chronic chronic, we got that yack yack for you
We got that chronic chronic, we got that yack yack for you
We got that chronic chronic, we got that yack yack for you
We got that chronic chronic, we got that wateva u do
Yes
Greetings Loveboys
You inside the line of this big experience for the 2000 plus C.I.S
(oooo)oh we still in it...Dig This!(Pimp Time)
She was the type of girl to play (Which one of u bitches like me)
I met her just the other day (which one of u bitches like me)
She really didn't wanna gimme no play (which one of u bitches like me)
As i walked off she just turned away (which one of u bitches like me)
I saw you hangin with your friends (Which one of u bitches like me)
They was lookin at my friends (Which one of u bitches like me)
But which one of yall was checkin out this pimped out playa
Girl you don't have to pretend (Wooow woow woow woo)
Baby, I seen your homegirls jockin ma riiiideeee
And oooh baby which one of yall will step off inside and roll away with me
Which one of u bitches like me, which one of u bitches bitches
We was at the party live (Which one of u bitches like me)
I was tryna livin' a delight (Which one of u bitches like me)
Then this skinny girls was everywhere
I had to stop pause and fix my hair..hand me my mirror Joral
She was big but she was cute (Which one of u bitches like me)
And i know that she had major moves (Which one of u bitches like me)
It really didn't matter what she weighed
See cause a big girl loves to play it with a playa playa (Heeey)
Bitches, i need your attention, who wanna ride in a pimped out cadillac
But say (Heyy) delicious you look sweet like candy
I gotta ride shotgun with a bad bitch in the back
No matter what you see or baby what you saw
If you stand tall we gonna ball through it all
And if the police come, Don't let me take a fall
Please stuff this work in the garage of withdrawl (Which one of u like me)
She was a major hoe, its all unforgettable, last time i see her though ima let her know
We been drinking having fun, me and you one on one, doing thangs holdin hands,
making someone tell me same, we been drinking havin fun, me and you one on
one, doing thangs holdin hands, making plans of your man
(Which one of u bitches like meeee!)
(yeah yeaa)
(Which one of u bitches gotta like me)
(yeah yeaa)
Which one of u bitches like me, which one of u bitches bitches
EeeyiyiyiyiyahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-owwse (the bomb)
EeeyiyiyiyiyeahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-oww-owse
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)
From the depths of the sea, back to the block
Snoop Doggy Dogg, Funky, yes but of the Doc
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
Long Beach is the spot where I served my cane
Follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but don't lose your grip
Nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to fuck up shit
So I ain't holdin nuttin back
And motherfucker I got five on the twenty sack
It's like that and as a matter of fact
Cuz I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
What's my motherfuckin name?
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (yeah yeah yeah)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog)
It's the bow to the wow, creepin and crawlin
Yiggy yes y'allin, Snoop Doggy Dogg in
the motherfuckin house like everyday
Droppin shit with my nigga Mr Dr. Dre
Like I said, niggaz can't FUCK with this
And niggaz can't FUCK with that
shit that I drop cuz ya know it don't stop
Mr. One Eight Seven on a motherfuckin cop
Tic toc never the glock just some nuts and a cock
Robbin motherfuckers then I kill dem blood claats
Then I step through the fog and I creep through the smog
Cuz I'm Snoop Doggy (who?) Doggy (what?) Doggy
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyoyoyoyoyoyo
Now just throw your hands in the motherfuckin air
And wave the motherfuckers like ya just don't care
Yeah roll up the dank, and pour the drank
And watch your step (why?) cuz Doggy's on the gank
My bank roll's on swoll
My shit's on hit, legit, now I'm on parole, stroll
with the Dogg Pound right behind me
and up in yo bitch, is where ya might find me
Layin that, playin that G Thang
She want the nigga with the biggest nuts, and guess what?
He is I, and I am him, slim with the tilted brim
What's my motherfuckin name?
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (the bomb)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog) (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
What is, his name?  Snoop Dogg, and the Dogg Pound
(Dog) (the bomb)
Ohhh, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (the bomb)
Yeah yeah (Dog) I know his name
C'mon Snoopy, c'mon Snoopy (the bomb)
And the Dogg Pound
Snoopy Dogg (the bomb) Snoopy Dogg
Snoopy Dogg (Dog)
(Dog, nasty dog, doggy dog)
Bada-bing, bada-boom, what a dogg gotta do?
Let me holler at you boo, damn I miss you
I just wanna kiss you, and all that good stuff
Was I really all that bad or was I good enough?
I'm under pressure, I can't run plays like this
My mama always said that there'll be days like this
I'm all alone by the phone, in a zone, face is stone
Wonderin', if you ever comin' home
I try to run the streets and play
But that feeling just won't go away
My whole life I'd throw away, to get you back on my team
Damn, why'd you have to go away?
I miss your breakfast in the mornin'
Miss you in the evenin', tell me why you're leavin'
Please give me a reason, nothin' could ever change me
I'm missin' my baby, think I'm goin' crazy
(Why did you leave me?)
You can't leave me by myself like this
You can't leave me by myself like this
(Why did you leave me?)
You can't leave me by myself like this
Mama told me there'll be days like this
I get up early in the mornin', miss your rudeness and kissin'
I also miss that smell of that good breakfast in the kitchen
Listen, I'm a star but I'm wishin'
To follow you wherever you are
You the wheels to my car, and I can't roll without you
My heart is a ice box, it's cold without you
Why'd you have to, leave me this way?
I'm doin' bad, you don't wanna see me this way
I'm at the pad, tryin' to do my best
I'm so stressed, and yes I'm still the King of the West
Tryin' to manage, and I'm gon' handle it
I need you back in my life, 'cause I'm tired of livin' scandalous
I miss your breakfast in the mornin'
Miss you in the evenin', tell me why you're leavin'
Please give me a reason, nothin' could ever change me
I'm missin' my baby, think I'm goin' crazy
(Why did you leave me?)
You can't leave me by myself like this
You can't leave me by myself like this
(Why did you leave me?)
You can't leave me by myself like this
Mama told me there'll be days like this
Oh my Lord, I'm sittin' at the board with my head down
I can't write my next line, I need to lay it down
Hmm, I'm stuck like a dump truck
Lookin' stupid, cupid down on my luck
I touch a four leaf clover
Hopin' for somethin' good, like I should
If not I guess it's over
Baby be real with it
Do you love me, do you miss me?
I can't deal with it
I miss your breakfast in the mornin'
Miss you in the evenin', tell me why you're leavin'
Please give me a reason, nothin' could ever change me
I'm missin' my baby, think I'm goin' crazy
(Why did you leave me?)
You can't leave me by myself like this
You can't leave me by myself like this
(Why did you leave me?)
You can't leave me by myself like this
Mama told me there'll be days like this
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
They say it's? '64 on Vogue's
In the game pain still the same they knocking at your door
Ooo you wanna only talk bad
It's a sad sad thing you dirty low down
Ooo
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
Ooo
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
Wa la la la la la la la la la
Tell me now!
Wa la la la la la la la la la
Wa la la la la la la la la la
Won't you tell me now!
Wa la la la la la la la la la
Snoop Dogg
Independent I'm in it been getting my cash right
Walking through the day time holding my flashlight
Spliff-ted High as I can ever be
I'm lofted drifting on the memory
My style my tone my delivery
My Maze is Frankie Beverly
Heavily influenced I do it like you can't
I'm the weed to the Zag with the bag and a drink
Get live that's five on the black hand side
Now try to stay fly with a piece of pie
I heard fish don't burn in the kitchen
The baby gangstas they get in the hood and on a mission
You pump em up they fuck it up
Now what you need to do is toughen up
Now thug it up what it do dog
I thought you wanted to be like big
Snoop Dogg
Ooo
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
Ooo
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
When I get lost
I feel like a boss
She will be my salvation
When I feel lost
With nowhere to go
She'll be my inspiration
She never spends
Time with her friends
Tells me she's mute without me
And when things go wrong
Her faith is strong
I know that she'll never doubt me
Hey Snoop Dogg
Ooo
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
Ooo
I wonder wonder wonder what it do
Wa la la la la la la la la la
Tell me now!
Wa la la la la la la la la la
Wa la la la la la la la la la
Won't you tell me now!
Wa la la la la la la la la la
Hell yeah
That was a mothafuckin' trip
The way y'all niggaz had the whole world sayin' UH!!!, na, na, na, na
This here the Doggfather, rappin' on this shit here
Check this out
Let me here ya say
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (come on, everybody say)
Everybody, let me hear ya say
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay
I run with convicted felons
Scream, yellin'
Bitch I'ma soldier!
Stick in my chrome reciever, and I fins to get it on
Influenced by the dolja
Blastin' at the rollers
Callin' couple of soldiers
Fuckin' up with this song bitch
Your mom shoulda told ya
I ain't nothin' nice
Snoop brought the boss
I got the spark, lets go on a body high
Put it on my life, and my favorite weed pipe
Soldiers greed, with ice
Watch me budda up in the night
Carefull to forever, the one that ?? shot him
Bringin' the drama like a punk, but your fucking somebody
Whut Lodi Dodi, send a duce up in dey coupe
But after a hard eight
Snoop and his soldiers gonna make ya say
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (Jeah, nigga, I can make ya say)
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, tank doggs, let me hear ya say)
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (all my real rap niggaz say)
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, Mystikal, where you at?)
Nigga, all I really wanna do is
Get down, on the get down!
That mothafucker better sit down
We up in this bitch now
Got the take to make the hap
We gon' make our money right
Tired of livin' the stress life
Pressure, fuck price
Yikes!
Know what I like
Keep it hype!
Betcha I right
Put pounds of ice on ya, like white on rice
Vise grips on mics
Turnin' to fights
Burnin' up the limelight
Fire!
And you ain't gotta strain your eyes to find us
Throwin' bad days behind us
Ahh damn up in the headlights
Bout to let it shine
Find your ass in there tip-toeing
Your ass is mine
We got you waitin' for us on the radio
So our albums can drop
Snoop, Fiend, me, Beats By The Pound, you know that's gon' pop
Jump in the game in the walkway
With enough money to fuck with
Till ya hear that last fuckin' woof
We ain't done yet
Let me here ya say
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, uh-huh, all my niggaz say)
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (na, na, na, na, na, na)
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof!
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (na, na, na, na, na, na)
Let me hear ya say
Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof!
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay
I come faster than a speedin' bullet
Or I can take my time and move it slow
Wake up outta my seat and hit this mic and blow like some indo
You can call me what you want
Just don't call me no punk
My name is Snoop D-O-double-G
And I'm the godfather of G-Funk
I'll put this shit down, like clown, Dogg Pound is my set
Nigga set outta line, I shoot them in they mothafuckin' spine
And break they necks (nigga, nigga)
As I go down, you gon' realize that
See when you run up in my face you able to get smacked, jacked, just
like that
I'ma fool, break the rules, damn, way too cool
They call me Snoop D-O-double-G (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)
Cause I'ma fuckin' fool, I can get silly
But I'd rather sit back, relax, new jacks, get smacked, cause I'm tryin'
to
blaze up a sack (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)
To my nigga Mystikal, Fiend, and my big homie Master P
Cause thats just the way this shit gon' be
Baby, N-O-L-I-M-I-T (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)
We gon' make y'all say Woof
Until you mothafuckers demand
That nigga named Snoop
I can make 'em say
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (laughing)
I can make 'em say
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay
Let me here ya say
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay
Let me hear ya say
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (everybody in the house)
Say
Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (up top, come on)
Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na,
na,
na)
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (down low)
Yeah, yeah, and who side (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na)
Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay *repeated till end*
And not only that
And not only that
This No Limit baby
Ya heard me?
Yeah
And not only that
Shit get crazy in this mothafcuker
Ya heard me?
Uh!
Uhh
Keep sayin I'll do this, I'll do that
But you know
I just keep doin the same shit
Haha, my fault, ha!
I'm not tryin to be right, tryin to be wrong
I'm just tryin to make it out here on my own
I say I do a lot of things but I'll (but I'll)
Probably never change (change)
I'm not tryin to be right, tryin to be wrong
I'm just tryin to make it out here on my own
I say I do a lot of things but I'll (but I'll)
Probably be the same (same)
Every time I try to get my life together someone sees
what you're doin, tryin to ruin my hopes and my dreams
Push away, and always gon' get away
It keeps them grams in my pants, never hit a day
Am I wrong? Am I right? Do I care? Livin life
On my own, cop a zone, what it feelin like
Transition, premonition, whatchacallit, Mac a bone
Do my thang with my gang, put your back up on
Recollect and reflect, on how I used to be
I'm probably the same way cuz cause I'm gon' keep it G
Secretly, sacredly, y'all wake and bake with me
Solo creepin on the dolo tippin like a low-low
Fans come in vans and clans expectin to get that photo
Or either come backstage and have a chance to hit my dodo
Cool individual, I'm never too good
See Mac is from the hood, and never Hollywood
Uh, growin up I ain't know as much
I was too busy chasin money and rollin stuff 'fore I was old enough
Gettin every dollar and fold it up
Puttin all our weed in papers instead of blunts so they can know it's us
Every party we showin up
Baggie full of pre-rolls, light it up and pass it
You holdin that one too long nigga, matter fact you can have it
Another one in rotation, my motivation is cabbage
My Roley face filled with karats
And niggaz think they are but they know that they ain't comparin
And ain't doin no harm, I just don't think I'm into carin
I keep makin deposits and know ain't no interference from your broke ass
I just keep hustlin all the time and gettin mo' cash
And rollin weed, you smell the chronic when I go past
You look at me and then put down notes on your notepad
Yeah I'm kinda high, but you should know that - hahaha
Whassup nephew?
Sittin here choppin game, my nigga Bad Azz
Niggaz get the misconception of us
cause we so cold at what we do
But I really wanna let niggaz know what's happenin though
You feel me?
Now I don't want anybody
to get the wrong idea about me
I don't have nothin to hide
I want the world to see..
I'm a gangsta gangsta
Gangsta niggaz do your dance
(C-Walk, C-Walk homey, yeah)
Gangsta bitches wave yo' hands
See me, I'm bout my money my paper I'm bout my dollars
Poppin collars with this mac and this slack and these two revolvers
See we smoke and go hoein cause the bitch ain't never shit to me
and pussy stay sellin, so I never let it get to me
The shit to me is simple, it relies on credentials
We credible individuals, ahead of you we original
Better known as criminals, thuggin off on the stereo
Killin 'em on the radio, some of them wanna hate me though
Fuck 'em cause they can't see me doe and here we go again
The jealousy took me over success, just keep you slower
While, you get nothin, we keep gettin more
Pump pump the jam up, drop drop the top
Hit hit the switch and smash down the block
And oh yeah this Long Beach so you know when you see a nigga
And don't never get the wrong idea nigga
(Yeah, nigga what?)  Holla at 'em
I keep my khakis creased, hat tilted to the East
On a bitch I remain the beast, none the least
Police try to cuff me and stuff me in the back
of they patrol car, cause I'm a former parole star
With the cool name, this nigga here's a fool mayn
Go on and do yo' thang, gang-bang
in the hood and in Hollywood
Record company executives think it's all to the good
Get to showin me around they house, then he slide me in the back
and had the nerve to try to buy me out, check this out mayn
I'm down with P, and D-R-E
A real nigga from the motherfuckin L.B.C.
I just look like this, I stay down for the twist
I'm real with this, deep as abyss
I gave you a pound, then I gave yo' wife a kiss
I had to dip cause y'all was full of that bullsheeit
.. {y'all gone miss me}
Yeah y'all gone miss me
Never miss what you had 'til it's gone
Yeah, y'all gone miss me
(y'all gone miss me) Yeah, y'all gone miss me
Hmm, who that nigga that brought you that gangsta shit
befo' you motherfuckers was even ready for it?
Showed you how to tie a flag on your head
and represent your motherfuckin set 'til you're dead
Bust on the cops while I cuss the Feds
Roll a joint, in the bathtub gettin head
Put the G in the P, flipped the G to a ki
Put the West coast back on the map bay-bee
Check my styles, check my files
I've been gangbangin since I was a juvenile
They cut me loose in nine-deuce I swore to tell the whole truth
Keep it gangbang 100 proof
E'rybody say, "Ay Snoop" - did Death Row pay me?
Look here young loc, shit it's all to the gravy
I really can't trip off the past, on the real I had a blast
Tupac, rest in peace and God bless all my enemies
Rain-drops, falling on my head
Fuckin with them haters, messin with my bread
Talkin bout the raindrops, fallin on my head
Fuckin with them haters, sleepin in my bed
Ain't No Limit to this shit, ain't no gimmick
Master P good lookin out homeboy, salute my Lieutenant (at ease)
I'm in it knee deep and can't creep no more
I had to move down South on the low-low, fo' sho' doe
Dippin through the woods with Fiend, Magic, Pokey
Mystikal, V-90, C, Boz and P (ya heard me?)
Windows on tint, ridin like the President
It's evident, shit I'm doin good (yeah)
I moved out the hood like I should (say what?)
And then they had the nerve to call me Hollywood (nigga what?)
But I don't give a fuck, if I'm misunderstood
20 Crip don't slip, yeah it's all to the good
Yeah the homies got twist too, whatchu say?
Oh the homies might get me? They'll get you
Listen here, don't try it, and don't deny it
And don't pay 'em no mind Dogg, man I'm tryin
Just when you thought I was gone, I'm back on
Knick-knack-paddy-wack give the Dogg a home
with a gang of pitbulls, rottweilers and doberman pinschers
Bonafied killers
The illest, cap peelers, that you ever wanna meet
Straight up out the ghetto where they pack the heavy metal
I got my hand on the wheel, my foot on the gas pedal
I'm drivin DoggHouse to the next level (woof)
and buckin two shots at the devil
Run up on his ass, and blast, like a rebel
Turn up the treble cause I hit you with the bass
Remember my name and remember my face
Remember these words, and remember the taste
And remember, we all gotta leave this place
I'm tryin to stay focused, I'm the loc'est in the game
The Rap Prime Minister, "Mr. G Thang"
Rain-drops, fallin on my head
Fuckin with the wrong folks, messin with my spread
Talkin bout the raindrops, fallin on my head
Messin with my ba-by, who's sleepin in my bed
Good Morning boys and girls, i'm your
substitute teacher, Mr. Buckwort
the topic Fo' today is, what you wanna be when you grow up
you, over there in the jean shirt, what you wanna
be when you grow up?
- i wanna be a police officer
alright, that's a pretty good profession
you over there in that black shirt
what you wanna be when you grow?
- i wanna be a fire man
alright, that's a pretty good profession too
you, back there in those french braids, what's yo name?
- my name is Snoop
alright Snoop, what you wanna be when you grow up?
- i wanna be a motherfuckin hustla, ya betta ask somebody
Yo Devin, what up god?
It's the big Mac, yeah
I got this new shit right here man
You might wanna hit this
Trip, mmm
You can put it in a zag, I'ma put it in a blunt
You can sit in the back, I'ma sit in the front
No stunt, no punk
It really don't matter cause I got what they want
They say all day we play and blow
See this is the only thing we know
I blow kush again, on the push again
With a bad lil' cute lil' Mexican
Uhh, zig-zag how I roll mine
You could tell I be a G how I hold mine
I ain't into loanin shit, I'ma own mine
Bitch fuck with me, stumble on a gold mine
Break bread or fake dead, punk bitch this is real life
Executive branch, what it feel like?
Catch me if you can, I'm your local kush man
Sittin in the stands with a hundred grams in my hand
And I blow, so much smoke
Pure OG, hit it once might choke
See I'ma go kick it with a BEITCH I could poke
And you could ride too, high school, take a toke
Uhh, no stems, no seeds
Mac gave me all the class that a nigga need
Just taught my old bitch how to roll weed
And the nigga ridin with me gettin high with me
Square as a reverend to my young nigga Devin
Got to hangin out with Mac and now we 24/7
On the go smokin 'dro, deep on the Westside
Bangin where his hood at; yup, you got to love that
Yup, I love that - niggaz used to offer but I wouldn't
Now I'm all askin "Where the bud at?"
Makin it happen, me and Mac just got two bitches crackin
that say they tryin to smoke weed all night and down for gettin tatted
Spatted up and tatted up, suited up and booted up
Pioneers baby, ain't nuttin that you can do to us
Inhale, that's the high school
Dev and Mac, we known to act a damn fool
You dig?
You know what?
It may sound crazy but uh, yeah
Dev and Mac, high school...
It may sound crazy but uh...
One, two, three and to the heat
Stop countin sheep and move your feet to the beat
I bet you're wonderin, "Who are you?"
The baker who made new Hot Pockets come true
Now let me give you, an introduction
to the Master Baker of this production
Yeah, you know he bakes here, you know he bakes there
He be baking all day
I bake err'ywhere
Wanna bake with me? Then come on in
We light up taste buds (From beginning to end)
My buttery seasoning so hip, it drips
Tastes so good, gotta lick your lips
Smell my savory garlic, but don't disturb
The garden where I grow, flavor-fantastic-al HERBS
(Yeah, his flavor-fantastical herbs, y'know!)
YOU... You got what I eeeeeaaat!
Now say you're just a baker
But you're my Hot Pockets maker
OH BABY YOU... got what I eeeeeaaat!
You got the hot buttery crust
I need your hot buttery crust, OHH!!
Hold up, hold up, my friend's got a (beef) with you
Take a step back baker, The Butcher's coming through
I see you like that crust, well I like it too
But without my premium meats, you got nothing to chew
See I'm the Master Butcher and I bow down to zero
Online, they call me the 8-Bit hero
I fly cross the land so my flocks are protected
Try to come for my beef and you gonna get rejected
Cause when you step to me, you gonna get stuck
As your head takes a buck from pepperoni nun-chucks
(He's got premium meats, the cream of the crop)
Welcome to my B-I-Double G Butcher Shop, ya hearrrd?
YOU... You got what I eeeeeaaat!
You make the Steak and Cheese
That brings me to my knees
OH BABY YOU... got what I eeeeeaaat!
The flavor is so sweet
You know how to spice that meat
..errrAUGH!
Now I know The Butcher likes to take credit for the show
But there's a reason that my bakery is rollin in the dough
Listen lil' baby, don't fall for the cuts
(It's the buttery crust that makes you want so much)
Don't listen to him, girl - he's been baking too long
It's my premium meats that make your lips sing a song
(When that sauce heats up, the pepperonis do the rest)
It's exactly why my new Hot Pockets are the best
No, no, no YOU... both got what I eeeeeaaat!
I love your buttery crust
But I love that meat just as much
OH BABY YOU... both got what I eeeeeaaat!
You got all my hot treats
You both make me complete
OH BAAA-BAAAAAAAAYYYYEEE!!!
Hello, hello, gentlemen, have you forgotten about, the CHEESE?
HELLO! WAKE UP! WAKE UP!
Yeah, this pimping stay open all night
Check this out Jellyroll...
We do break hoes
We don't fuck with fake hoes
Yeah, we make hoes
Strip down to they panty hose
Pop your whip, now grab that bitch
Pimping Snoop ain't having it
Oh you like pussy, congratulations
I'm trying to get your ass in my congregations
I keep three hoes in my room at one time
Two nickels and the other's a dime
You wouldn't wanna, keep a hood on her
When I'm dropping that motherfucking wood on her
Cause I perform, a G like Warren
A nigga getting paid off shooting porn
They call me the black folks President
Snoop Heffner mixed with a little bit of Doggy Flint
Banging this parliament, come get a bar with this
You would wanna be a part of this, oh bitch ass nigga
Quit playing with the hoe, and let me borrow the bitch
You got what I want
Tell me if you want, just what I want
Cause I got, what you need
Baby if you need some, get it from me
Cause I got, what you want
I want you to want, just what I want
Just want, what I want
Ooh you got just what I want
Look mama make you hot like a corn to pop
And watch how fast you see a nigga boxers drop
I'm trying to work it fast, but I know you like it slow
You know I got to bust a nut and hurry up and go
You got something that I want right now
Hurry up and let me put the black spot on the cow
Make the pussy ball up like salt to a snail
And when I kill it big daddy, I want you to tell
Cause I don't give a damn when it come to freaking hoes
Call up forty hoes, and have a rolly peep show
And when you give me something, you gone want something back
This dick to your mouth, little mama like that
Fish cost too much, so I feed her sardines
Man I'm the motherfucking MVP of the team
Cold game how a nigga steady spitting this shit
make her mama jump back and say bitch is a pimp
Of course she love my nine
Bitch I got that antidote
Got a bigger dick that'll crack your spine
Then I'm gonna let it inside your throat
Tricked out, kicked out get her on gone
Ludacris on the motherfucking microphone
Heey, what's up I came to pimp
Fur hats and fur clothes, and a razor tim
Biiiiatch, I got it made
Just pick one of my hoes, and I got it leid
You never heard as many bitches so fast and frequent
Can I get the ends, bitch delinquents
Run my bath water, cook my meals
And SHUT THE FUCK UP, when I book the deals
And iron my draws, give me cuffs and creases
It's your nephew come to fuck your nieces
Gimme what I want
I got what you need
Gimme what I want
Yeah, yeah
So what we get drunk?
So what we smoke weed?
We’re just having fun
We don’t care who sees
So what we go out?
That’s how its supposed to be
Living young and wild and free
So what I keep ‘em rolled up?
Saggin’ my pants, not caring what I show
Keep it real with my niggas
Keep it player for these hoes
And look clean don't it?
Washed it the other day, watch how you lean on it
Give me some 501 jeans on it
Roll joints bigger than King Kong’s fingers
And smoke them hoes down ’til they stingers
You a class clown and if I skip for the day
I’m with your bitch smokin’ grade A
You know what?
It’s like I’m 17 again
Peach fuzz on my face
Lookin’, on the case
Tryna find a hella taste
Oh my god, I’m on the chase, Chevy
It's gettin’ kinda heavy, relevant, sellin’ it
Dippin’ away, time keeps slippin’ away
Zip in the safe, flippin’ for pay
Tippin’ like I’m drippin’ in paint
Up front, four blunts, like, “Khalifa put the weed in a J”
And I don't even care
Cause if me and my team in there
There's gonna be some weed in the air
Tell 'em Mac
Blowin' everywhere we goin' and now you knowin'
When I step right up, get my lighter so I can light up
That's how it should be done
Soon as you thinkin' you're down
Find how to turn things around
Now things are lookin' up
From the ground up, pound up, this Taylor Gang
So turn my sound up and mount up and do my thang
Now I'm chillin', fresh outta class, feelin'
Like I'm on my own and I could probably own a building
Got my own car, no job, no children
Had a science project, me and Mac killed it
T-H-C, M-A-C, D-E-V, H-D-3, high as me
This is us, we gon' fuss
And we gon' fight and we gon' roll
And live off life
Yea, roll one, smoke one
When you live like this you’re supposed to party
Roll one, smoke one, and we all just having fun
So we just, roll one, smoke one
When you live like this you’re supposed to party
Roll one, smoke one, and we all just having fun
Let me take you to the land of wonder, we can wander
undercover, secret lovers, ay heyyy ("And ohh you're gonna love me")
("You're gonna wanna hug me, and") squeeze, squeeze, squeeze me
Hmm, and I ain't never felt like this
I ain't never met a girl with the right mix
Green eyes, light-skinned with some nice tits
It took a minute just to write this
I'm the Boss Dogg baby! I'ma die rich
So let the money talk for me, fuck the nonsense
Hold me down, be my ride or die bitch
We fuck then we fight, we fight then we fuck
I'ma beat it up tonight like Kimbo Slice
Come live the proper life, no I ain't the shoppin type
I might take you out to eat, we can grab a bite
Now let me grab my bike and roll yo' ass through Crescent Heights
Up in Hollywood, step into the limelight
and hit this bubble kush, let me get your mind right
This is "Wonderland," let your mind take flight
We gotta hurry up, I'm only here for one night
This next girl Bird, she from the suburbs
and live by herself, like cars and nice furs
and loves hip-hop - The Neptunes and Murs
But I'm her favorite rapper, my biggest fan is her
I like her skin tone, and how her figure curves
We smoke mad kush and drink until our vision blur
And then I pat her down, like she gettin searched
I fuck her with my chain on, she pulls on my shirt
like nigga don't stop, until the pussy squirt
I hit it twice and bone out, she went back to work
This happens all the time, I gotta go rehearse
for my next show, I tour on May 1st
Get yo' mind right, and this may work
You know love is pain, and havin faith hurts
You rollin with the best, so grab your heels and purse
and welcome to "Wonderland" the best place on Earth
Uhh, you gon' love me!
("And ohh you're gonna love me")
("You're gonna wanna hug me, and") squeeze, squeeze, squeeze me
I had this bitch locked on to me like she was way too clever
Man, Soopafly never ever ever
Fell for the do no and you know I'm
Too swift on my toes and the gifts of hoez
It's too much for me to be givin' to you
Uh, all I'm givin' is some dick in you
Now Sh????, I told the bitch to blaze the weed
Now she blazed it but that ain't all she blew
Hey, I got knocked off on the bar
And my room got knocked off in the car
Gave it to me until I reached my peak
Baby flip talkin' bout lovin' me in the week
I said that's too damn quick, and too damn fast
You've been givin' up too much damn cock and givin up too much ass
Nah nah nah you ain't gettin' me like that
Soopafly ain't even called the bitch back
Ever since she tripped, I went on one
Stepped in the club, Caught me a homerun
Baby was bad and all, she said gimme a call
I wanted to break that bitch like a law
Picked her up at the bus stop, she was soft and smooth
Talkin' bout what could pop out and hit the roof
Then she said somethin bout the cost
Man, that same bus stop is where
I dropped that bitch back the fuck off
You can't ride my bird
So I kicked that bitch to the curb
You best to believe
You ain't got no trick up your sleeve that can get with me
You thought you had my grip
But Soopafly never ever slips
You thought you had my cash
Till I turned around and whupped yo' ass
....like a pimp and that's for real
I came through in a zoot suit, pin stripe lookin' too cute
Tryin' to get my shoot on, so I'm a scoot on
Over to the next bitch, say her name is Texas
She fly but she wasn't the sexiest
She had a hoe with her named Bama, short for Alabama
A big bad mama-jamma, now look here
I like big bitches cause they large
And big bitches always take charge
Wanna grab a skinny nigga like Snoop Dogg
Cause you like it tall, go and work it baby doll
Now a great big girl got a hell of a grip to grab a hold of
Got alot of cash for a little love
All they wanna do is take you down to the mall
Floss a little dick and get a t-shirt that say miss Snoop Dogg
I don't see a god damn thang
That's stoppin you from buying me that god damn ring
It'd look nice on my finger, I'm a buy you a zinger
Cause you make me feel like a real hip-hop singer
Your homegirl, bring her cause I've been dying to meet her
You know I won't cheat her, don't mistreat her
She only get the dick, I'll never ever eat her
But I'll drop her ass cause you know I don't need her...
It was fun while it lasted
You know what they say, big things come in small packages, baby
You thought you had my grip
But Snoop Dogg never ever slips
You thought you had my cash
Until I turned around and whupped your ass
....trick beyotch beyotch
I said beyyyotch, what are you smokin
A big fat dick comin' from east Oakland
There must be some kind of misunderstanding
Hit the parking lot, bitch I be standing by the Benz
You think a nigga rich, bitch
Gold diggin' tramps tryin' to get with this dick
For all the wrong reasons
Niggas ain't trippin' during pimp season
But you still jumped your fast ass in anyway
If any other nigga picked you up it'd be payday
I rolled to my house with the bitch
(What'd you do $hort) introduced her mouth to my dick
Glad to meet you, make yourself comfortable
You fuckin' with a dog, bitch you ain't fin' to come up, hoe
So you might as well enjoy the ride
And serve this nigga from the eastside
How much for the game that I'm sellin'
Ain't no tellin' like Jack told Helen
I know sex sells but I'm a tell you though
Couldn't spend on shit that ain't valuable
Fucked all night woke up the next mornin'
Told her I'm a pimp but the bitch kept on
Wantin' me to do somethin' for the time she spent
It's funny, cause now she can't find the rent money
You thought you had my grip
But Too $hort never ever slips
You thought you had my cash
Until I turned around and whupped your ass
....trick beyotch beyotch
...I got family members, homeboys...
Muthafuckaz I look out way before you.
